=== FILING DATE: 2025-07-02 ===
=== PERIOD COVERED: 2025-05-03 ===
=== SOURCE: 10-K filed 2025-07-02 ===
=== SECTION: Segment Revenue Data ===
=== TICKER: CRDO ===

Cs) and SerDes Chiplets. Our intellectual property (IP) solutions consist primarily of SerDes IP licensing.
Data generation has increased dramatically over the past ten years, creating new and complicated challenges in both circuit and system design. Our proprietary SerDes and DSP technologies enable us to achieve similar performance to leading competitors’ products but at a lower cost and more highly available legacy node (n-1 advantage). Beyond power and performance, Credo continues to innovate to address customers’ system level requirements. We partner with Microsoft on our HiWire Switch AEC and open-source implementation that helps realize Microsoft’s vision for a highly reliable network-managed dual-Top-of-Rack (ToR) architecture (a network architecture design in which computing equipment located within the same or an adjacent rack are, for redundancy, connected to two in-rack network switches, which are, in turn, connected to aggregation switches via fiber optic cables), overcome complex and slow legacy enterprise approaches, simplify deployment and improve connection reliability in the data center.
The multibillion-dollar data infrastructure market that we serve is driven largely by hyperscale data centers (hyperscalers), as well as general compute, AI/ML infrastructure, multi-service operators (MSOs) and mobile network operators (MNOs). The demands for increased bandwidth, improved power and cost efficiency and heightened security have simultaneously and dramatically expanded as work, education and entertainment have rapidly digitized across myriad endpoint users.
We design, market and sell both product, software and IP solutions. We help define industry conventions and standards within the markets we target by collaborating with technology leaders and standards bodies. We contract with a variety of manufacturing partners to build our products based on our proprietary SerDes and DSP technologies. We develop standard solutions we can sell broadly to our end markets and also develop tailored solutions designed to address specific customer needs. Once developed, these tailored solutions can generally be broadly leveraged across our portfolio and we are able to sell the part or license the IP to the broader market.
We have global sales, marketing and business development teams responsible for identifying and building our customer relationships. We sell our products to hyperscalers and cloud infrastructure providers, as well as MNO, MSO, 5G wireless, enterprise networking and high performance computing (HPC) customers. We are engaged with all of the major hyperscalers, and our customer base includes over 20 blue chip clients, including a broad mix of original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), original design manufacturers (ODMs), optical module manufacturers and other leading enterprises.
During fiscal 2025 and 2024, we generated $436.8 million and $193.0 million in total revenue, respectively. Product sales and product engineering services revenue comprised 97% and 85% of our total revenue in fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, and IP license revenue represented 3% and 15% of our total revenue in fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively.
8
Industry Overview
We believe we are well positioned to benefit from the strong secular tailwinds driving the data infrastructure market, which is being driven by several factors, including:
AI/ML Drives an Explosion in Network Traffic:
 Our hyperscale customers are increasingly pursuing AI/ML infrastructure that requires back end scale out interconnectivity densities that are an order or magnitude higher than their general compute infrastructure. The growth of AI/ML model sizes is driving an explosion in interconnectivity traffic which enables multiple physical devices to work on the same model at high speed and low latency. Credo provides Ethernet solutions to support this type of interconnectivity, and we believe that Ethernet has now become the standard for back end scale out networks.
Back end scale up networks have grown from an appliance scale of 8 GPUs to rack scale of 72 GPUs in calendar 2024 and there is strong interest in growing this to scale in the coming years.  Scale up networks are already 10x denser than scale up networks, a full 100x denser than front end networks.  Scale up network architectures are dominated by Ethernet and PCIe PHYs at layer 1 with proprietary extensions at higher levels. In calendar 2024, multiple hyperscalers show scale up networks growing beyond rack scale which will necessitate the need for retimers and/or DSPs to support high speed signaling at extended reach.
Hyperscaler General Compute Traffic Doubles Every 2-3 Years:
Our hyperscale customers began to deploy front end Network Interface Card (NIC) speeds of 200G in calendar year 2023 with 400G on roadmaps for calendar year 2024. As NIC speeds double, there is a need for higher speed east-west traffic infrastructure to support applications such as Remote Direct Memory Access (RDMA), Non-volatile Memory Express (NVMe) and other high-bandwidth applications, while maintaining high reliability and observability within the power and cost constraints of a modern data center.
Hyperscalers, which have the ability to seamlessly provision and add compute, memory, networking and storage resources to a given node or set of nodes that make up a larger computing, distributed computing or grid computing environment, drive demand for high-speed, low-power connectivity solutions. Our hyperscale customers have deployed 50G per lane electrical PAM4 data rates in 2023 and 100G per lane electrical PAM4 solutions in 2024.
Similarly, with the global deployment of high-speed fixed-line and wireless networks, carriers are also increasingly seeking higher performance connectivity solutions to address their substantial growth in traffic. 5G wireless infrastructure has proliferated in some countries but still has much room for growth, and low earth orbit satellite IP solutions such as Starlink offer disruptive performance and cost for users who cannot access the existing infrastructure. Fixed-line infrastructure speeds continue to grow, with the announcement of CableLabs DOCSIS 4.0 10Gb standards and proliferation of fiber-to-the-home.
Beyond hyperscalers and 5G networking, the evolution of connectivity standards for servers such as Peripheral Component Interconnect Express (PCIe) and consumer devices such as Universal Serial Bus (USB) present an additional long-term opportunity. As these connectivity standards move to higher-speed data rates and higher order modulation, innovation in power efficiency and cost efficiency will be required to deliver competitive connectivity solutions. We expect that demand for increasingly sophisticated connectivity solutions will grow alongside the evolution of these standards.
Our Competitive Strengths
We believe our key competitive strengths include the following:
Foundational Intellectual Property:

We believe our technology leadership is based on our strong SerDes IP portfolio. Our purpose-built mixed-signal and DSP architectures are the foundation of our high-performance, and power-efficient connectivity solutions. We believe this IP portfolio provides us with a significant competitive advantage.
9
Comprehensive Family of Connectivity Solutions:

Our extensive solutions portfolio includes HiWire AECs, Optical PAM4 DSPs, PCIe retimers, Line Card PHYs, SerDes Chiplets for Multi-Chip Module (MCM) package integration and SerDes IP licensing. Our products and technologies address our customers’ various bandwidth, power, cost, security, reliability and end-to-end signal integrity requirements. We believe we can provide superior service to our customers by serving as a single point of contact for various requirements. Furthermore, our extensive knowledge and experience across a range of connectivity offerings enables us to better identify potential bottlenecks and design solutions to address them, differentiating us from 