=== FILING DATE: 2025-07-02 ===
=== PERIOD COVERED: 2025-05-03 ===
=== SOURCE: 10-K filed 2025-07-02 ===
=== SECTION: Item 1 — Business ===
=== TICKER: CRDO ===

Item 1
. Business
Company Overview
At Credo, our mission is to redefine high-speed connectivity by delivering breakthrough solutions that enable the next generation of AI-driven applications. We are committed to enabling faster, more reliable, more energy-efficient, and scalable solutions that support the ever-expanding demands of AI, cloud computing and hyperscale networks.
Our connectivity solutions are optimized for optical and electrical Ethernet and PCIe applications, including the 100G (or Gigabits per second), 200G, 400G, 800G and emerging 1.6T (or Terabits per second) ethernet markets and the 32G PCIe5 and upcoming 64G PCIe6 markets. Our products are based on our Serializer/Deserializer (SerDes) and Digital Signal Processor (DSP) technologies. Our product families include integrated circuits (ICs), Active Electrical Cables (AECs) and SerDes Chiplets. Our intellectual property (IP) solutions consist primarily of SerDes IP licensing.
Data generation has increased dramatically over the past ten years, creating new and complicated challenges in both circuit and system design. Our proprietary SerDes and DSP technologies enable us to achieve similar performance to leading competitors’ products but at a lower cost and more highly available legacy node (n-1 advantage). Beyond power and performance, Credo continues to innovate to address customers’ system level requirements. We partner with Microsoft on our HiWire Switch AEC and open-source implementation that helps realize Microsoft’s vision for a highly reliable network-managed dual-Top-of-Rack (ToR) architecture (a network architecture design in which computing equipment located within the same or an adjacent rack are, for redundancy, connected to two in-rack network switches, which are, in turn, connected to aggregation switches via fiber optic cables), overcome complex and slow legacy enterprise approaches, simplify deployment and improve connection reliability in the data center.
The multibillion-dollar data infrastructure market that we serve is driven largely by hyperscale data centers (hyperscalers), as well as general compute, AI/ML infrastructure, multi-service operators (MSOs) and mobile network operators (MNOs). The demands for increased bandwidth, improved power and cost efficiency and heightened security have simultaneously and dramatically expanded as work, education and entertainment have rapidly digitized across myriad endpoint users.
We design, market and sell both product, software and IP solutions. We help define industry conventions and standards within the markets we target by collaborating with technology leaders and standards bodies. We contract with a variety of manufacturing partners to build our products based on our proprietary SerDes and DSP technologies. We develop standard solutions we can sell broadly to our end markets and also develop tailored solutions designed to address specific customer needs. Once developed, these tailored solutions can generally be broadly leveraged across our portfolio and we are able to sell the part or license the IP to the broader market.
We have global sales, marketing and business development teams responsible for identifying and building our customer relationships. We sell our products to hyperscalers and cloud infrastructure providers, as well as MNO, MSO, 5G wireless, enterprise networking and high performance computing (HPC) customers. We are engaged with all of the major hyperscalers, and our customer base includes over 20 blue chip clients, including a broad mix of original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), original design manufacturers (ODMs), optical module manufacturers and other leading enterprises.
During fiscal 2025 and 2024, we generated $436.8 million and $193.0 million in total revenue, respectively. Product sales and product engineering services revenue comprised 97% and 85% of our total revenue in fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively, and IP license revenue represented 3% and 15% of our total revenue in fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively.
8
Industry Overview
We believe we are well positioned to benefit from the strong secular tailwinds driving the data infrastructure market, which is being driven by several factors, including:
AI/ML Drives an Explosion in Network Traffic:
 Our hyperscale customers are increasingly pursuing AI/ML infrastructure that requires back end scale out interconnectivity densities that are an order or magnitude higher than their general compute infrastructure. The growth of AI/ML model sizes is driving an explosion in interconnectivity traffic which enables multiple physical devices to work on the same model at high speed and low latency. Credo provides Ethernet solutions to support this type of interconnectivity, and we believe that Ethernet has now become the standard for back end scale out networks.
Back end scale up networks have grown from an appliance scale of 8 GPUs to rack scale of 72 GPUs in calendar 2024 and there is strong interest in growing this to scale in the coming years.  Scale up networks are already 10x denser than scale up networks, a full 100x denser than front end networks.  Scale up network architectures are dominated by Ethernet and PCIe PHYs at layer 1 with proprietary extensions at higher levels. In calendar 2024, multiple hyperscalers show scale up networks growing beyond rack scale which will necessitate the need for retimers and/or DSPs to support high speed signaling at extended reach.
Hyperscaler General Compute Traffic Doubles Every 2-3 Years:
Our hyperscale customers began to deploy front end Network Interface Card (NIC) speeds of 200G in calendar year 2023 with 400G on roadmaps for calendar year 2024. As NIC speeds double, there is a need for higher speed east-west traffic infrastructure to support applications such as Remote Direct Memory Access (RDMA), Non-volatile Memory Express (NVMe) and other high-bandwidth applications, while maintaining high reliability and observability within the power and cost constraints of a modern data center.
Hyperscalers, which have the ability to seamlessly provision and add compute, memory, networking and storage resources to a given node or set of nodes that make up a larger computing, distributed computing or grid computing environment, drive demand for high-speed, low-power connectivity solutions. Our hyperscale customers have deployed 50G per lane electrical PAM4 data rates in 2023 and 100G per lane electrical PAM4 solutions in 2024.
Similarly, with the global deployment of high-speed fixed-line and wireless networks, carriers are also increasingly seeking higher performance connectivity solutions to address their substantial growth in traffic. 5G wireless infrastructure has proliferated in some countries but still has much room for growth, and low earth orbit satellite IP solutions such as Starlink offer disruptive performance and cost for users who cannot access the existing infrastructure. Fixed-line infrastructure speeds continue to grow, with the announcement of CableLabs DOCSIS 4.0 10Gb standards and proliferation of fiber-to-the-home.
Beyond hyperscalers and 5G networking, the evolution of connectivity standards for servers such as Peripheral Component Interconnect Express (PCIe) and consumer devices such as Universal Serial Bus (USB) present an additional long-term opportunity. As these connectivity standards move to higher-speed data rates and higher order modulation, innovation in power efficiency and cost efficiency will be required to deliver competitive connectivity solutions. We expect that demand for increasingly sophisticated connectivity solutions will grow alongside the evolution of these standards.
Our Competitive Strengths
We believe our key competitive strengths include the following:
Foundational Intellectual Property:

We believe our technology leadership is based on our strong SerDes IP portfolio. Our purpose-built mixed-signal and DSP architectures are the foundation of our high-performance, and power-efficient connectivity solutions. We believe this IP portfolio provides us with a significant competitive advantage.
9
Comprehensive Family of Connectivity Solutions:

Our extensive solutions portfolio includes HiWire AECs, Optical PAM4 DSPs, PCIe retimers, Line Card PHYs, SerDes Chiplets for Multi-Chip Module (MCM) package integration and SerDes IP licensing. Our products and technologies address our customers’ various bandwidth, power, cost, security, reliability and end-to-end signal integrity requirements. We believe we can provide superior service to our customers by serving as a single point of contact for various requirements. Furthermore, our extensive knowledge and experience across a range of connectivity offerings enables us to better identify potential bottlenecks and design solutions to address them, differentiating us from competitors focused on point solutions.
Best-in-Class Technology:

We believe we are at the forefront of the high-performance connectivity market. Our architectural approach enables us to design in mature fabrication processes still deliver leading edge performance and power at a significantly lower cost. Our optimized SerDes architectures achieve industry-leading power efficiency on small die areas in cost-effective mature processes.
Culture of Continuous Innovation:
 We have a history of innovation and pioneering new technologies including:
•
Early demonstration and productization of 112G SerDes for Optical and Electrical links
•
Pioneer in 100G, 200G, 400G, 800G and emerging 1.6T AEC market, establishing a new product category
•
Industry-leading low-power gearbox for 56G and 112G per lane applications
•
Delivering 112G XSR IP for multi-chip module (MCM) solutions
•
Production shipments of SerDes Chiplets, including two versions of 3.2Tbps Chiplets
•
Shipping industrial temperature (iTemp) PAM4 DSP for 5G market
•
First to deliver 40G PAM3 SerDes
•
Created HiWire Switch cable and open-sourced implementation with Microsoft to realize their vision for a highly reliable network-managed dual-ToR architecture
•
Introduced World’s First 800G DSP for Linear Receive Optics, targeting Hyperscale and AI Data Centers
We believe our culture of continuous innovation positions us as a market leader with best-in-class products and IP solutions.
Top Industry Talent and Experienced Leadership Team:

We employ an engineering-focused workforce as well as a highly technical management team with deep industry experience and connectivity expertise. Our global team included 507 engineers as of May 3, 2025, and our international footprint allows us to continue attracting talent needed to support our business. We are led by a team of seasoned semiconductor and connectivity experts. Many of our executives have more than 20 years of semiconductor innovation experience and an extensive track record of successful leadership across multiple semiconductor companies.
Our Growth Strategy
To further our mission of providing secure high-speed connectivity solutions, we intend to focus on the following strategic areas:
•
Extend our leadership in SerDes technologies.
 Our proprietary SerDes architectures have underpinned our products and IP solutions since our inception. We intend to continue investing in research and development in our SerDes design to expand our technology leadership.
10
•
Broaden our portfolio of products and IP solutions.
 We intend to continue to broaden our portfolio of offerings by developing new products and IP solutions to meet the evolving needs of the data infrastructure ecosystem as well as expand into adjacent markets we do not serve today.
•
Attract and acquire new customers.
 We believe that we have a substantial opportunity to continue to grow our customer base. We intend to accelerate new customer acquisition across the markets that we serve as well as enter into new market segments by scaling our sales and marketing capabilities.
•
Extend and deepen relationships with existing customers.
 We have demonstrated our ability to sell multiple of our connectivity solutions to several of our major customers, and we will continue to seek to extend and deepen our relationships with existing customers. These relationships with leading hyperscalers, OEMs, ODMs and optical module manufacturers give us insight and extensive visibility into product designs, design specifications, development, production timelines, product implementations and product innovations. Our direct relationships enable us to better anticipate our customer needs and serve to facilitate our ability to sell multiple connectivity solutions to our customers over time.
Our Products and Solutions
We are pioneering comprehensive Ethernet connectivity solutions that deliver high bandwidth, scalability, and end-to-end signal integrity for next-generation platforms. Today, we offer the following products and solutions: HiWire AECs, Optical PAM4 DSPs, Line Card PHYs, SerDes Chiplets and SerDes IP.
HiWire AECs®:
 Credo’s distinctive purple HiWire™ Active Electrical Cables (AECs) are plug-and-play copper interconnect cables designed for affordable, lossless operation at 100G, 200G, 400G,800G and emerging 1.6T data speeds. AECs offer a high-performance alternative to short, thick DACs and high power, high-cost AOCs for data center compute and AI applications. The applications for AECs in the data center can be categorized into Servers-TOR Racks and Leaf-Spine-Router Racks. Credo offers AEC cables up to 7m to enable reliable links from GPU to network switch for AI racks with liquid cooling. The HiWire AEC solutions include CLOS, SPAN, SHIFT and SWITCH family of cables.
•
Credo HiWire CLOS AECs are specifically designed for high density in-rack or HPC rack-to-rack interconnect to support CLOS architectures, a type of non-blocking, multistage switching architecture that reduces the number of ports required in an interconnected fabric. With up to 50% less power than optical solutions and up to 75% less volume than DACs, these AECs enable CLOS cabling densities up to 1,000 cables per rack.
•
Credo HiWire SPAN AECs are a plug and play replacement of AOC for high-speed interconnects. Intended for rack-to-rack connectivity, these cables support up to 7-meter reach, consume up to 50% less power than AOCs, cost less than AOCs and offer a 10-year service life.
•
Credo’s HiWire SHIFT AECs provide breakout functionality to enable a single high-speed port to connect to two or four lower-speed ports. In some cases, this involves speed shifting functionality where lane speeds are changed (e.g., one lane of 112G becomes 2 lanes of 56G), modulation schemes are changed(e.g., PAM4 symbol becomes two non-return-to-zero (NRZ) symbols) and forward error correction is terminated and/or generated to ensure a plug and play bridge between two different speed hosts.
•
Credo HiWire SWITCH AECs enable a NIC to connect to two ToRs in an Active/Standby configuration for sub-millisecond failover that is fully network operating system managed. This enables the simplicity of a single NIC-ToR connector for the server and user with reliability and convergence times that are superior to legacy link aggregation structures.
11
Optical DSPs:
 Credo optical digital signal processors (DSPs) are a key building block inside optical transceivers that are used in AI clusters, hyperscale data centers, service provider networks, enterprise networks and 5G wireless infrastructure. Optical transceivers and active optical cables (AOCs) based on Credo DSPs provide Ethernet connectivity from 5m up to 10km+ and span rates from 50Gb/s to 800Gb/s and beyond.
Now in their fifth generation, Credo DSPs operating at 50G/lane and 100G/lane PAM4 offer an exceptional combination of performance, energy efficiency and value by integrating such features as laser drivers, DSP based signal equalization, non-linear distortion compensation, transmitter signal conditioning and long reach capable host side SerDes.
The Credo Seagull family of DSPs operate at 50G/lane. This comprehensive product family includes 1x50G, 2x50G, 4x50G and 8x50G product variants that enable transceivers and AOCs from 50Gb/s to 400Gb/s. Also included in the Seagull family is a unique product optimized for 64G Fibre Channel, used in storage networks.
The Credo Dove family of DSPs operate at 100G/lane. This product family includes 4x100G and 8x100G DSPs each with a range of integrated laser driver options for silicon photonics, EMLs and VCSELs.  The range of laser drivers makes these DSPs suitable for both multi-mode and single-mode fiber applications operating at either 400Gb/s or 800Gb/s. The Dove 850 is the industry's first unidirectional 8x100G DSP specifically for Linear Receive Optics (LRO).  LRO is an innovative new concept that removes DSP functionality from the module receiver to dramatically improve energy efficiency in high volume AI deployments.
In April of 2025, Credo introduced its Lark family of DSPs. The Lark 800 is a high-performance, high-reliability, low-power DSP designed to enable a new generation of full retimed 800G transceivers destined for deployment in the exceedingly challenging power and cooling envelopes of the world’s largest and most dense AI data centers. The Lark 850 is specifically designed for 800G LROs, with power consumption under 10W.
Line Card PHYs:
 We are
enabling data connectivity and security in hyperscale and enterprise data centers with leading edge, low-power line card PHY solutions.
 Our Retimers, Gearboxes and MACsec devices facilitate PAM4/NRZ backplane and line card connectivity at up to 112G per lane. Our components enable platforms with capabilities reaching 52.1 Terabits per second (Tbps), featuring 800G ports.
Dedicated and multi-function Retimers, Gearboxes and MACsec PHYs, each built around our low-power, high-performance SerDes IP, enable our customers to meet performance, power and price objectives.
Our Line Card PHY product families include our Bald Eagle, Black Hawk and Screaming Eagle products for Retimer and Gearboxes, as well as our Owl and Osprey products for MACsec applications.
SerDes Chiplets:
 SerDes technology enables data transmission at high rates while minimizing the number of interconnects required. As the bandwidth of interconnects increase, the complexity of the design for signal transmission increases. Our SerDes architecture has made it possible to deliver cost- and power-effective SerDes solutions in mature process nodes and make them available in chiplet form (multiple SerDes lanes in a single die) for integration with MCM, System-on-Chips (SoCs), overcoming the need for matching core logic and SerDes IP in the same process node. Our SerDes Chiplets are designed for high performance and low power from mature processes, allowing customers to fabricate their core logic in advanced processes and combine them in their MCM SoC.
SerDes IP:

SerDes IP is designed for the easy SoC integration of tens to hundreds of SerDes lanes. The IP range in performance from 1G to 112G per lane. Additionally, we developed USB4 Version 2 SerDes IP which has been adopted by a major OEM.
We designed our SerDes IP to optimally balance performance, power and manufacturing process costs and risks. Our patented mixed signal and DSP architectures are the foundation of our high-
12
performance and low-power SerDes technology. Our architectural approach enables design in a mature fabrication process while delivering leading-edge performance and power efficiency, which has led to our more than 50 IP licensing engagements. Nevertheless, as part of our commitment to long-term innovation, we continuously develop technology in cutting-edge fabrication processes such as 3nm in order to enhance our competitive position, and to serve the market of IP licensing customers whose logic requires cutting-edge fabrication processes.
PCIe Retimers:
 Toucan PCI Express (PCIs) Gen6.x/CXL 3.x retimers, powered by Credo’s low latency, low-power DSPs and SerDes technology, are designed to extend PCIe trace lengths between root-complex and endpoint devices such as GPUs, SMART NICs, NVMe SSDs, and CXL memory. Built using the 7nm process node, these retimers are optimized for cost-efficient production while delivering the highest performance, supporting cloud-scale datacenters and the growing demands of modern infrastructure with low latency and best-in-class signal integrity.
•
Our PCIe Retimer devices are designed with our low power, industry-leading SerDes IP which has been optimized for low-latency PCIe.
•
Built using the 7nm process node, these retimers are optimized for cost-efficient production while delivering the highest performance, supporting cloud-scale datacenters and the growing demands of modern infrastructure with low latency and best-in-class signal integrity.
•
Enabled by our Toucan family of retimers, Credo’s OSFP-XD PCIe AECs provide extended range up to 7m with lossless end-to-end x16 Gen6 PCIe connectivity, allowing for transfer rates of up to 1Tb/sec.
PILOT Software Platform:
 Credo’s proprietary Predictive Integrity, Link Optimization and Telemetry (PILOT) software empowers network administrators to detect, diagnose, and resolve signal degradation before it impacts workloads—dramatically reducing link flaps and minimizing costly system maintenance and down-time. PILOT was released for evaluation on Credo’s Toucan PCIe retimers in the first quarter of fiscal 2026 and Credo expects to make PILOT available across Credo’s SerDes, retimers and system level AECs during fiscal year 2026.
Our Customers
We sell our products to hyperscalers, OEMs, ODMs and optical module manufacturers, as well as into the enterprise and HPC markets. We work closely and have engagements with industry-leading companies across these segments.
We currently rely and expect to continue to rely on a limited number of customers for a significant part of our revenue. In fiscal 2025, sales to our top 10 customers accounted for approximately 90% of our total revenue. Furthermore, we had one customer that accounted for 10% or more of our total fiscal 2025 (such one customer accounting for 67% of total fiscal 2025 revenue).
Sales and Marketing
We employ a two-pronged sales strategy targeting both the end users of our products, as well as the suppliers of our end users. By engaging directly with the end user, we are able to better understand the needs of our customers and cater our solutions to their most pressing connectivity requirements.
This strategy has enabled us to become the preferred vendor to a number of our customers across the world who, in turn, require their suppliers, OEMs, ODMs and optical module manufacturers to utilize our solutions.
We sell our solutions worldwide through our direct sales force. We have a sales presence in North America, Asia and Europe. Our direct sales force is supported by marketing, business development and Field Application Engineer teams across our regions. These teams are organized to align with our product verticals.
13
Manufacturing and Suppliers
We utilize a fabless business model, working with a network of third parties to manufacture, assemble and test our connectivity products. This approach allows us to focus our engineering and design resources on our core competencies and to control and reduce our fixed costs and capital expenditures.
We subject our third-party manufacturing contractors to qualification requirements to meet the high quality and reliability standards required of our products. We qualify our contractors and their processes before applying technology to our products. Our engineers work closely with our third-party foundry vendor and other contractors to increase yield, lower manufacturing costs and improve product quality.
•
Wafer Fabrication
:
 We currently utilize a wide range of semiconductor process generations to develop and manufacture our products. In fiscal year 2025, we exclusively used Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited (TSMC) for semiconductor wafer production.
•
Package, Assembly and Testing
:
 Upon the completion of processing at the foundry, we use third-party contractors for packaging, assembly and testing, including Amkor Technology Inc. (Amkor) and Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc. (ASE) for packaging our IC products, King Yuan Electronics Company (KYEC) and Sigurd Microelectronics Corp. (Sigurd) for testing our IC products and BizLink Technology, Inc. (BizLink) for manufacturing our AEC products.
Research and Development
We view our technology as a competitive advantage and devote substantial resources to the research and development of new products and the improvement of existing products. We have committed, and plan to continue to commit, significant resources to technology and product innovation and development. We have assembled a team of highly skilled engineers with deep signal processing expertise who are located in San Jose, California, mainland China and Taiwan. As of May 3, 2025, we employed 507 engineers. Research and development expenses for fiscal 2025 and 2024 were $146.0 million and $95.5 million, respectively.
Intellectual Property
Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection for our brand and technology, defend and enforce our intellectual property rights, preserve the confidentiality of our trade secrets, operate our business without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property or proprietary rights of third parties and prevent third parties from infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating our intellectual property rights. We rely on a combination of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets, copyrights and trademarks and contractual protections, to protect our core technology.
As of May 3, 2025, we owned 78 issued patents and 21 pending patent applications in the United States, and 48 issued patents and 22 pending patent applications in mainland China. Our patent and patent application portfolio primarily relates to four main areas: Ethernet standard, network cable technology, chip manufacturing and MCM and SerDes cores. These issued patents, and any patents granted from such applications, are expected to expire between 2029 and 2045, without taking potential patent term extensions or adjustments into account. We continually review our development efforts to assess the existence and patentability of new intellectual property.
The term of individual patents depends upon the legal term for patents in the countries in which they are granted. In most countries, including the United States, the patent term is 20 years from the earliest claimed filing date of a non-provisional patent application in the applicable country. In the United States, a patent’s term may, in certain cases, be lengthened by patent term adjustment, which compensates a patentee for administrative delays by the United States Patent and Trademark Office in examining and granting a patent. It may also be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over a commonly owned patent or a patent naming a common inventor and having an earlier expiration date. We cannot be sure
14
that our pending patent applications that we have filed or may file in the future will result in issued patents, and we can give no assurance that any patents that have issued or might issue in the future will protect our current or future products, will provide us with any competitive advantage, and will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented.
Moreover, we rely, in part, on trade secrets to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect. While we take steps to protect and preserve our trade secrets, including by entering into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants and contractors and by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems, such measures can be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors.
Competition
We believe we are the only company in our industry offering a complete suite of high-performance connectivity solutions. Our competitors typically compete with us with respect to some, but not all, of our solutions. Our principal competitors with respect to our products include Broadcom Ltd. (Broadcom), Marvell Technology, Inc. (Marvell) and Astera Labs, Inc. (Astera), as well as various cable suppliers. The principal competitive factors in our market include:
•
success in identifying new and emerging markets, applications and technologies;
•
product performance, power efficiency and cost-effectiveness;
•
ability to provide a broad range of connectivity products and solutions;
•
ability to deliver products in large volume on a timely basis at a competitive price;
•
ability to offer products and features previously not available in the marketplace; and
•
extent of IP protection and enforcement of rights.
We believe competition will increase as our market grows and connectivity technology advances. New entrants could enter our market, creating additional competition in the future. Although we believe we compete favorably with respect to the above factors, our future competitiveness will depend upon our ability to continue to design, develop and market compelling solutions.
Sustainability
Our sustainability initiatives are a corporate priority and strongly supported by our Board of Directors (Board) and leadership team. More information can be found on the Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) section of our website and in our annual ESG Report. Information contained on our website or in our annual ESG Report is not incorporated by reference into this or any other report we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. See “Risk Factors” under