=== FILING DATE: 2025-07-02 ===
=== PERIOD COVERED: 2025-05-03 ===
=== SOURCE: 10-K filed 2025-07-02 ===
=== SECTION: Item 7A — Market Risk ===
=== TICKER: CRDO ===

Item 7A
. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
Foreign Currency Exchange Risk
The majority of our sales and expenses are denominated in U.S. dollars. Since we operate in many countries, a portion of our international operational expenses is denominated in foreign currencies and exchange volatility could positively or negatively impact those operating expenses. Increases in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies could make our products more expensive, which could negatively impact our ability to compete. Conversely, decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies could result in our suppliers raising their prices to continue doing business with us. Additionally, we may hold certain assets and liabilities, including potential tax liabilities, in local currency on our consolidated balance sheets. These tax liabilities would be settled in local currency. Foreign exchange gains and losses from remeasuring the tax liabilities are recorded to interest and other income, net. We do not believe that foreign exchange volatility has had a material impact on our current business or results of operations. However, fluctuations in currency exchange rates could have a greater effect on our business or results of operations in the future to the extent our expenses increasingly become denominated in foreign currencies.
Although we have not entered into foreign currency derivatives to hedge our foreign currency exposure to date, in the future, we may enter into foreign currency forward and option contracts with financial institutions to protect against foreign exchange risks associated with certain existing assets and liabilities, certain firmly committed transactions, forecasted future cash flows and net investments in foreign subsidiaries. However, we may choose not to hedge certain foreign exchange exposures for a variety of reasons, including, but not limited to, accounting considerations and the prohibitive economic cost of hedging particular exposures.
To provide an assessment of the foreign currency exchange risk associated with our foreign currency exposures within operating expense, we performed a sensitivity analysis to determine the impact that a hypothetical adverse change in exchange rates would have had on our financial statements, with all other variables held constant. If the U.S. dollar weakened by 10%, our operating expense in fiscal 2025 would have increased by approximately 2%.
70
Interest Rate Risk
We maintain an investment policy that requires minimum credit ratings and diversification of credit risk. We invest our excess cash primarily in money market mutual funds and time deposits. These investments are recorded on our consolidated balance sheets at fair market value with their related unrealized gain or loss reflected as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). Investments in both fixed-rate and floating-rate interest-earning securities carry a degree of interest rate risk. The fair market value of fixed-rate securities may be adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating-rate securities may produce less income than predicted if interest rates fall.
71