=== FILING DATE: 2025-07-24 ===
=== PERIOD COVERED: 2025-06-30 ===
=== SOURCE: 10-Q filed 2025-07-24 ===
=== SECTION: Segment Revenue Data ===
=== TICKER: GOOGL ===

 settlement in the U.S., partially offset by changes in prior period tax positions.
The effective tax rate increased from the six months ended June 30, 2024 to the six months ended June 30, 2025. This increase was primarily due to a decrease in SBC-related tax benefits, lower effective tax rate impacts in the U.S. federal Foreign Derived Intangible Income tax deduction, and a non-deductible legal settlement in the U.S., partially offset by changes in prior period tax positions.
 On July 4, 2025, the OBBBA was signed into law. This legislation includes changes to U.S. federal tax law, which may be subject to further clarification and the issuance of interpretive guidance. We are assessing the legislation and its effect on our consolidated financial statements, which we expect to begin reflecting in the three month period ended September 30, 2025.
The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development is coordinating negotiations among more than 140 countries with the goal of achieving consensus around substantial changes to international tax policies,
46
including the implementation of a minimum global effective tax rate of 15%. Some countries have already implemented the legislation effective January 1, 2024, and we expect others to follow, however this did not have a material effect on our income tax provision for the period ending June 30, 2025.
Financial Condition
Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable Securities
As of June 30, 2025, we had $95.1 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and short-term marketable securities. Cash equivalents and marketable securities are comprised of time deposits, money market funds, highly liquid government bonds, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, and marketable equity securities.
Sources, Uses of Cash and Related Trends
Our principal sources of liquidity are cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, as well as the cash flow that we generate from operations. The primary use of capital continues to be to invest for the long-term growth of the business. We regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace, and form of capital return to stockholders.
The following table presents cash flows (in millions):
 
Six Months Ended
June 30,
 
2024
2025
Net cash provided by operating activities
$
55,488 
$
63,897 
Net cash used in investing activities
$
(11,345)
$
(40,738)
Net cash used in financing activities
$
(40,603)
$
(26,033)
Cash Provided by Operating Activities
Our largest source of cash provided by operations are advertising revenues generated by Google Search & other properties, Google Network properties, and YouTube properties. In Google Services, we also generate cash through consumer subscriptions, the sale of apps and in-app purchases, and devices. In Google Cloud, we generate cash through consumption-based fees and subscriptions for infrastructure, platform, applications, and other cloud services.
Our primary uses of cash from operating activities include payments to distribution and Google Network partners, to employees for compensation, and to content providers. Other uses of cash from operating activities include payments to suppliers for devices, to tax authorities for income taxes, and other general corporate expenditures.
Net cash provided by operating activities increased
 from the six months ended June 30, 2024 to the six months ended June 30, 2025 due to an increase in cash received from customers, partially offset by an increase in cash payments for cost of revenues and operating expenses and an increase in income tax payments.
Cash Used in Investing Activities
Cash provided by investing activities consists primarily of maturities and sales of investments in marketable and non-marketable securities. Cash used in investing activities consists primarily of purchases of marketable and non-marketable securities, purchases of property and equipment, and payments for acquisitions.
Net cash used in investing activities increased
 from the six months ended June 30, 2024 to the six months ended June 30, 2025 primarily due to a decrease in maturities and sales of marketable securities and an increase in purchases of property and equipment primarily driven by investments in technical infrastructure.
Cash Used in Financing Activities
Cash provided by financing activities consists primarily of proceeds from issuance of debt and proceeds from the sale of interests in consolidated entities. Cash used in financing activities consists primarily of repurchases of stock, net payments related to stock-based award activities, payment of dividends, and repayments of debt.
Net cash used in financing activities decreased from the six months ended June 30, 2024 to the six months ended June 30, 2025
 due to an increase in proceeds from issuance of debt, net of repayments.
47
Liquidity and Material Cash Requirements
We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities, and cash flows from operations and financing activities to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months, and thereafter for the foreseeable future.
Capital Expenditures and Leases
We make investments in land, buildings, and servers and network equipment through purchases of property and equipment and lease arrangements to provide capacity for the growth of our services and products.
Capital Expenditures
Our capital investments in property and equipment consist primarily of the following major categories:
•
technical infrastructure, which consists of our investments in servers and network equipment for computing, storage, and networking requirements for ongoing business activities, including AI, and data center land and building construction; and
•
office facilities, ground-up development projects, and building improvements (also referred to as "fit-outs").
Assets not yet in service are those that are not ready for our intended use, including assets in the process of construction or assembly, and consists primarily of technical infrastructure. The time frame from date of purchase to placement in service of these assets may extend from months to years. For example, our data center construction projects are generally multi-year projects with multiple phases, where we acquire land and buildings, construct buildings, and secure and install servers and network equipment.
During the six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2025, we spent $25.2 billion and $39.6 billion on capital expenditures, respectively. We expect to increase, relative to 2024, our investment in our technical infrastructure, including servers, network equipment, and data centers, to support the growth of our business and our long-term initiatives, in particular in support of AI products and services. Depreciation of our property and equipment commences when such assets are ready for our intended use. For the six months ended June 30, 2024 and 2025, depreciation on property and equipment was $7.1 billion and $9.5 billion, respectively.
Leases
As of June 30, 2025, the amount of total future lease payments under operating and finance leases was $17.4 billion and $2.6 billion, respectively.
As of June 30, 2025, we have entered into leases primarily related to data centers that have not yet commenced with future lease payments of $23.9 billion. These leases will commence between 2025 and 2031 with non-cancelable lease terms between one and 25 years.
For additional information on leases, see Note 4 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.
Financing
We have a short-term debt financing program of up to $25.0 billion through the issuance of commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. As of June 30, 2025, we had $3.0 billion of short-term commercial paper outstanding.
In May 2025, we issued $5.0 billion of U