=== FILING DATE: 2025-08-19 ===
=== PERIOD COVERED: 2025-06-28 ===
=== SOURCE: 10-K filed 2025-08-19 ===
=== SECTION: Item 1 — Business ===
=== TICKER: LITE ===

ITEM 1
.    BUSINESS
General
Overview
Lumentum Holdings Inc. (“we,” “us,” “our”, “Lumentum” or the “Company”) is a leading provider of optical and photonic products and is recognized as an industry leader based on revenue and market share. Our products are essential to a range of cloud, artificial intelligence and machine learning (“AI/ML”), telecommunications, consumer, and industrial end-market applications. We operate in two end-market focused reportable segments, Cloud & Networking and Industrial Tech.
Our Cloud & Networking products comprise a comprehensive portfolio of optical and photonic chips, components, modules, and subsystems supplied to cloud data center operators, AI/ML infrastructure providers, and network equipment manufacturer customers who are building cloud data center and network infrastructures. Our products enable high-capacity optical links for cloud computing, AI/ML workloads, and data center interconnect (“DCI”) applications, as well as for communications service provider networks. Our offerings support access (local), metro (intracity), long-haul (intercity and global), and submarine (undersea) network infrastructure. Additionally, our Cloud & Networking products serve enterprise network infrastructure needs, including storage area networks (“SANs”), local area networks (“LANs”), and wide area networks (“WANs”). Demand for our products is fueled by the ongoing expansion of network capacity required to support cloud and services, AI/ML processing, streaming video, video conferencing, wireless and mobile connectivity, and the internet of things (“IoT”).
Our Industrial Tech products include short-pulse solid-state lasers, kilowatt-class fiber lasers, diode lasers, and gas lasers, serving a wide range of end-markets applications. In the consumer market, our laser light sources are integrated into customers’ 3D sensing cameras, primarily used in mobile devices. In the industrial manufacturing market, our lasers are embedded in machine tools used for precision material processing across diverse industries, including semiconductor and microelectronics fabrication, electric vehicle and battery production, metal cutting and welding, and advanced manufacturing. Adoption of our Industrial Tech products is driven by the need to advance semiconductor and microelectronics technology roadmaps and by Industry 4.0 and 5.0 trends that emphasize greater manufacturing precision, flexibility, and sustainability.
We have a global footprint that enables us to address global market opportunities for our products with employees engaged in research and development (“R&D”), administration, manufacturing, support and sales and marketing activities in various locations worldwide. We have manufacturing capabilities and facilities in North America, Asia-Pacific and Europe. Our headquarters are located in San Jose, California, and we employed approximat
ely
10,562
 full
-time employees around the world as of June 28, 2025.
2
Table of Contents
Lumentum was incorporated in Delaware as a wholly owned subsidiary of JDS Uniphase Corporation (“JDSU”) on February 10, 2015. In August 2015, the Company was spun-off from JDSU and became an independent publicly traded company through the distribution of our common stock by JDSU to its stockholders. In 2015, the remaining parent company, JDSU, was renamed Viavi Solutions Inc. (“Viavi”). Our business traces its origins to Uniphase Corporation, which was formed in 1979 and became publicly traded in 1992. Uniphase was originally a supplier of commercial lasers, and later became a leading supplier of optical transmission products. In 1999, JDS Fitel Inc., a pioneer in products for fiber optic networking which was formed in 1981, merged with Uniphase to become JDSU, a global leader in optical networking. Subsequent acquisitions by JDSU broadened the depth and breadth of what is now Lumentum’s businesses, as well as the intellectual property, technology and product offerings of the company.  The fundamental laser and photonic component technologies which we acquired through various acquisitions form the basis of cloud and communications optical network infrastructure

today. These technologies will continue to enable us to develop highly integrated products to satisfy our customers’ ever-increasing needs for smaller, lower power and lower cost optical and photonic products.
In December 2018, we completed the acquisition of Oclaro, Inc. (“Oclaro”), which enhanced our product portfolio by adding Oclaro’s indium phosphide laser and photonic integrated circuit technologies, as well as its coherent component and module capabilities. These additions broadened our revenue mix and strengthened our position to meet the evolving needs of our customers.
In August 2022, we completed the acquisition of NeoPhotonics Corporation (“NeoPhotonics”), which expanded our opportunities in optical components used in cloud and telecom network infrastructure.
In August 2022, we completed a transaction to acquire IPG Photonics’ telecom transmission product lines (“IPG telecom transmission product lines”) that develop and market products for use in telecommunications and datacenter infrastructure, including coherent Digital Signal Processors (“DSPs”), application-specific integrated circuits (“ASICs”) and optical transceivers.
In November 2023, we completed the acquisition of Cloud Light Technology Limited (“Cloud Light”). Our Cloud Light business designs, markets, and manufactures advanced optical modules for data center interconnect applications. The acquisition has enabled us to be well-positioned to serve the growing needs of cloud and networking customers, particularly those customers focused on optimizing their data center infrastructure for the demands of AI/ML.
Industry Trends and Business Risks
Our business is driven by end-market applications leveraging the performance advantages of advanced optical and photonic solutions. We operate within global markets characterized by robust, long-term growth trends that are increasing demand for our products and technologies.
The convergence of factors including the growing reliance on data transmission, the rapid adoption of AI/ML, and the increasing digitalization of society is driving expansion in cloud data centers and the demand for higher-bandwidth network solutions. Lumentum's products and technologies are at the forefront of these trends, engineered to support increased data volumes and computational loads while meeting the industry's need for advanced network capabilities.
Additionally, the manufacturing industry's pursuit of higher precision, innovative materials, and improved efficiency fuels demand for industrial laser-based solutions. Lumentum is well-positioned to capitalize on this trend through the provision of ultrafast lasers for micromachining and advanced material processing, as well as laser emitters for 3D sensing applications.
While we maintain a positive outlook on the long-term prospects for our products and technologies, we acknowledge the presence of industry and market risks and uncertainties, including fluctuations in supply and demand, that have led to volatility in our business and financial performance.
3
Table of Contents
Supply Chain and Inventory Management
Our supply chain is complex, and we need to manage supply of certain components required to build our products while confronted with fluctuating demand from our customers. Our business and our customers’ businesses were negatively impacted by worldwide logistics and supply chain issues during and following the COVID-19 pandemic, including constraints on available cargo capabilities and limited availability of once broadly available supplies of both raw materials and finished components. From time to time, we experience shortages of the types of components we and our customers require in our products, and we have had to incur incremental supply and procurement costs in order to increase our ability to fulfill demands from our customers.

In addition, through fiscal year 2024, we experienced significant fluctuations in demand as customers delayed projected shipments or built up inventory in response to supply shortages and then brought down inventories as supply chain constraints eased. Our revenue fluctuated in response to these changes in demand and our margins were adversely impacted as we were not been able to fully recover costs, such as underutilized manufacturing capacity. However, during fiscal year 2025, network equipment manufacturers continued to normalize inventory levels and we saw increasing demand from AI and cloud customers as they continue to expand their data centers.
Due to worldwide operations, we and our customers are also subject to risks relating to the global trade environment. The Company is actively monitoring and assessing the global trade environment, particularly with respect to recent changes and proposed changes in tariff regulations and trade restrictions. The ongoing uncertainty surrounding trading policies, including the potential for additional tariffs, restrictions related to our customers and retaliatory measures by non-U.S. governments, continues to create a volatile environment that could disrupt our operations. The imposition of tariffs on certain imported goods and materials and export controls on critical components may increase our costs and place upward pressure on the cost of goods sold, which, in turn, may reduce our gross margins if we are unable to pass these costs onto customers through price increases.
If these tariff-related cost increases persist or escalate, our financial results could be adversely affected, including lower profitability. Additionally, changes in the global trade landscape could result in reduced market competitiveness and a slowdown in consumer demand as well as disruptions to our supply chain, including longer lead times, higher shipping costs, or limited availability of key inputs. This may constrain our ability to meet customer demand in a timely manner, potentially affecting our revenue growth and operational efficiency. The impact of tariffs on our business is hard to predict, as it is dependent on negotiations with customers and suppliers and other mitigation efforts and potential further changes in global trade policies, including higher tariffs or trade restrictions in the U.S. or other countries.

For more information on risks associated with supply chain constraints and customer inventory, refer to