=== FILING DATE: 2025-12-17 ===
=== PERIOD COVERED: 2025-11-23 ===
=== SOURCE: 10-Q filed 2025-12-17 ===
=== SECTION: Segment Revenue Data ===
=== TICKER: COST ===

e and associated competitive conditions. The higher our comparable sales exclusive of these items, the more we can leverage our selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses, reducing them as a percentage of sales and enhancing profitability. Generating comparable sales growth is foremost a question of making available the right merchandise at the right prices, a skill that we believe we have repeatedly demonstrated over the long-term. Another substantial factor in net sales growth is the health of the economies in which we do business, including the effects of inflation or deflation, especially the United States. Net sales growth and gross margins are also impacted by competition, which is vigorous and widespread, across a wide range of global, national and regional wholesalers and retailers, including those with e-commerce operations. While we cannot control or reliably predict general economic health or changes in competition, we believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to these changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private-label items, and through online offerings.
Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at competitive prices. We do not focus in the short-term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our “pricing authority” – consistently providing the most competitive values. Our net sales and gross margin are influenced in part by our merchandising and pricing strategies in response to cost increases. Those strategies can include, but are not limited to, working with our suppliers to share in absorbing cost increases, earlier-than-usual purchasing and in greater volumes, sourcing in the countries and regions where items are sold, as well as passing cost increases on to our members. Our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, negatively impacting gross margin and gross margin as a percentage of net sales (gross margin percentage) in the near term. Our e-commerce business, domestically and internationally, has a lower gross-margin percentage than our warehouse operations.
Government actions in various countries relating to tariffs affect the costs of some of our merchandise. The degree of our exposure is dependent on (among other things) the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of the tariffs. Higher tariffs are more likely to adversely impact rather than improve our results.
We believe our gasoline business enhances traffic in our warehouses; it generally has a lower gross margin percentage and lower SG&A expense relative to our non-gasoline businesses. A higher penetration of gasoline sales will generally lower our gross margin percentage. Generally, rising gasoline prices benefit net sales growth which, given the higher sales base, negatively impacts our gross margin percentage but decreases our SG&A expenses as a percentage of net sales. A decline in gasoline prices has the inverse effect.
We also achieve net sales growth by opening new warehouses. As our warehouse base grows and available and desirable sites become more difficult to secure, square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. Negative aspects of such growth include lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets. Our rate of square footage growth is generally higher in many of our foreign markets, due to the smaller base in those markets, and we expect that to continue.
The membership format is integral to our business and profitability. This format is designed to reinforce member loyalty and provide continuing fee revenue. The extent to which we achieve growth in our
18
Table of Contents
membership base, increase the penetration of Executive memberships, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. Our renewal rate, which excludes affiliates of Business members, is a trailing calculation that captures renewals during the period seven to eighteen months prior to the reporting date. Our paid-membership growth rate may be adversely impacted when warehouse openings occur in existing markets as compared to new markets. Our worldwide renewal rate is adversely impacted by membership growth in newer international markets and a higher penetration of memberships sold online, including through digital membership promotions, which renew at a slightly lower rate on average.
Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control, particularly health care and utility expenses. With respect to the compensation of our employees, our philosophy is not to seek to minimize their wages and benefits. Rather, we believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover, increasing productivity and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. This may cause us, for example, to absorb costs that other employers might seek to pass through to their workforces. Because our business operates on very low margins, modest changes in various items in the consolidated statements of income, particularly merchandise costs and SG&A expenses, can have substantial impacts on net income.
Our operating models are generally the same across our U.S., Canadian, and Other International operating segments (see
Note 9
 to the condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1, of this Report). Certain operations in the Other International segment have relatively higher rates of square footage growth, lower wage and benefit costs as a percentage of sales, less or no direct membership warehouse competition, or lack e-commerce or business delivery.
In discussions of our consolidated operating results, we refer to the impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, which are differences between the foreign-exchange rates we use to convert the financial results of our international operations from local currencies into U.S. dollars. This impact is calculated based on the difference between the current and prior period's exchange rates. The impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current and prior period's average price per gallon. Results expressed excluding the impacts of foreign-exchange and gasoline prices are intended as supplemental information and are not a substitute for net sales presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should be reviewed in conjunction with results reported in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
Our fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to August 31. References to the first quarter of 2026 and 2025 relate to the 12-week fiscal quarters ended November 23, 2025, and November 24, 2024. Certain percentages presented are calculated using actual results prior to rounding.
Highlights for the first quarter of 2026 versus 2025 include:
•
We opened eight new warehouses, including one relocation, for a total of seven net new warehouses: four in the U.S., two in our Canadian segment, and one in our Other International segment, compared to seven new warehouses, including one relocation;
•
Net sales increased 8% to $65,978, driven by an increase in comparable sales and sales at 25 net new warehouses opened since the end of the first quarter of 2025;
•
Membership fee revenue increased 14% to $1,329, primarily driven by membership fee increases and new member sign-ups;
•
Gross margin as a percentage of net sales an