=== FILING DATE: 2026-03-02 ===
=== PERIOD COVERED: 2025-12-31 ===
=== SOURCE: 10-K filed 2026-03-02 ===
=== SECTION: Item 9A — Controls and Procedures ===
=== TICKER: CELH ===

Item 9a
. Controls and Procedures.
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports filed or submitted by us under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms adopted by the SEC. These controls also ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that are filed or submitted under the Exchange Act are accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, including our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial and accounting officer), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Our Chief Executive Officer, as well as our Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2025. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of such date.
41
Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate ICFR (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our ICFR is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company’s principal executive and financial officers and effected by the Company’s Board, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. This includes policies and procedures that:
•
Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company;
•
Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and
•
Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
On the Closing Date of Alani Nu and on the Closing Date of the Pepsi Transactions, we completed the acquisitions of Alani Nu and Rockstar, respectively. In accordance with interpretive guidance issued by the staff of the SEC, management is permitted to exclude an acquired business from its assessment of ICFR for a period of not more than one year following the date of acquisition. Accordingly, we have excluded Alani Nu and Rockstar from management’s assessment of ICFR as of December 31, 2025. Given the overlapping nature of ICFR and disclosure controls and procedures, we have similarly excluded the portions of disclosure controls and procedures that are subsumed within the ICFR of each acquired business from management’s evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2025.
Alani Nu, excluding goodwill and brand and customer relationships intangibles, represented approximately 16.3% of our consolidated total assets as of December 31, 2025 and 39.8% of consolidated revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025. We will include Alani Nu in our assessment of ICFR and disclosure controls and procedures no later than the first anniversary of the Closing Date of Alani Nu.
Rockstar, excluding goodwill and brand and customer relationships intangibles, represented approximately 0.8% of our consolidated total assets as of December 31, 2025 and 2.2% of consolidated revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025. We will include Rockstar in our assessment of ICFR and disclosure controls and procedures no later than the first anniversary of the Closing Date of the Pepsi Transactions.
Our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of ICFR as of December 31, 2025, based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our ICFR was effective as of December 31, 2025.
Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm
Ernst & Young LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, which appears in