=== FILING DATE: 2025-10-06 ===
=== PERIOD COVERED: 2025-10-05 ===
=== SOURCE: 8-K Exhibit 99.1 filed 2025-10-06 ===
=== SECTION: 8-K Exhibit 99.1 — earnings ===
=== TICKER: AMD ===



EX-99.1

4

d28189dex991.htm

AMD AND OPENAI ANNOUNCE STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP TO DEPLOY 6 GIGAWATTS OF AMD GPUS


AMD and OpenAI Announce Strategic Partnership to Deploy 6 Gigawatts of AMD GPUs


Exhibit 99.1


 




PRESS RELEASE


Contacts:

Phil Hughes


AMD Communications

512-865-9697


phil.hughes@amd.com


OpenAI

press@OpenAI.com


Investor Contact


Liz Stine

AMD Investor Relations


(720)
652-3965



liz.stine@amd.com

AMD
and OpenAI Announce Strategic Partnership

to Deploy 6 Gigawatts of AMD GPUs


News Highlights

 


 


•


 



OpenAI to deploy 6 gigawatts of AMD GPUs based on a multi-year, multi-generation agreement



 


 


•


 



Initial 1 gigawatt OpenAI deployment of AMD
Instinct
™
 MI450 Series GPUs starting in 2H 2026



SANTA CLARA, Calif. — October
 6, 2025 —
 AMD (NASDAQ: AMD) and OpenAI today announced a 6 gigawatt
agreement to power OpenAI’s next-generation AI infrastructure across multiple generations of AMD Instinct GPUs. The first 1 gigawatt deployment of AMD Instinct MI450 GPUs is set to begin in the second half of 2026.


AMD’s strong leadership in high-performance computing systems and OpenAI’s pioneering research and advancements in generative AI
places the two companies at the forefront of this important and pivotal time for AI.

Under this definitive agreement, OpenAI will work
with AMD as a core strategic compute partner to drive large-scale deployments of AMD technology starting with the AMD Instinct MI450 series and rack-scale AI solutions and extending to future generations. By sharing technical expertise to optimize
their product roadmaps, AMD and OpenAI are deepening their multi-generational hardware and software collaboration that began with the MI300X and continued with the MI350X series. This partnership creates a true

win-win
 for both companies, enabling very large-scale AI deployments and advancing the entire ecosystem.





As part of the agreement, to further align strategic interests, AMD has issued OpenAI a
warrant for up to 160 million shares of AMD common stock, structured to vest as specific milestones are achieved. The first tranche vests with the initial 1 gigawatt deployment, with additional tranches vesting as purchases scale up to 6
gigawatts. Vesting is further tied to AMD achieving certain share-price targets and to OpenAI achieving the technical and commercial milestones required to enable AMD deployments at scale.


“We are thrilled to partner with OpenAI to deliver AI compute at massive scale,” said Dr. Lisa Su, chair and CEO,
AMD. “This partnership brings the best of AMD and OpenAI together to create a true
win-win
 enabling the world’s most ambitious AI buildout and advancing the entire AI ecosystem.”


“This partnership is a major step in building the compute capacity needed to realize AI’s full potential,” said Sam Altman,
co-founder
 and CEO of OpenAI. “AMD’s leadership in high-performance chips will enable us to accelerate progress and bring the benefits of advanced AI to everyone faster.”


“Building the future of AI requires deep collaboration across every layer of the stack,” said Greg Brockman,
co-founder
 and president of OpenAI. “Working alongside AMD will allow us to scale to deliver AI tools that benefit people everywhere.”


“Our partnership with OpenAI is expected to deliver tens of billions of dollars in revenue for AMD while accelerating OpenAI’s AI
infrastructure buildout,” said Jean Hu, EVP, CFO and treasurer, AMD. “This agreement creates significant strategic alignment and shareholder value for both AMD and OpenAI and is expected to be highly accretive to AMD’s
non-GAAP

earnings-per-share.”



Through this partnership, AMD and OpenAI are building the infrastructure to meet the world’s growing AI demands, by combining
world-class innovation and execution to accelerate the future of high-performance and AI computing.

AMD Teleconference


AMD will hold a conference call at 5:00 a.m. PT (8:00 a.m. ET) today to discuss today’s announcement. AMD will provide a real-time audio
broadcast of the teleconference on the 
Investor Relations
 page of its website at 
www.amd.com
.





AMD Third Quarter Financial Results


AMD will report fiscal third quarter 2025 financial results on Tuesday, Nov. 4, 2025, after the market close. Management will conduct a
conference call to discuss these results at 5:00 p.m. EDT / 2:00 p.m. PDT. Interested parties are invited to listen to the webcast of the conference call via the AMD Investor Relations website 
ir.amd.com
 at 
www.amd.com
.


About AMD

For more than 55 years AMD has
driven innovation in high-performance computing, graphics and visualization technologies. Billions of people, leading Fortune 500 businesses and cutting-edge scientific research institutions around the world rely on AMD technology daily to improve
how they live, work and play. AMD employees are focused on building leadership high-performance and adaptive products that push the boundaries of what is possible. For more information about how AMD is enabling today and inspiring tomorrow, visit
the AMD (NASDAQ: AMD) 
website
, 
blog
, 
LinkedIn
, 
Facebook
 and 
X
 pages.


About OpenAI

OpenAI is an AI research
and deployment company. Our mission is to ensure that artificial general intelligence benefits all of humanity.

Forward-Looking Statements


This press release contains forward-looking statements concerning AMD, such as the anticipated benefits of the strategic partnership with OpenAI; the use of
current and future AMD technology for large-scale AI deployments; the multi-generational hardware and software collaboration between the parties; milestone and performance-based value creation; the deployment of six gigawatts of AMD Instinct
™
 GPUs and timing thereof; expected business performance results; AMD’s outlook on the AI industry and AMD’s ability to accelerate the future of high-performance and AI computing;
AMD’s ability to position itself to support robust future growth and drive long-term shareholder value, including the expectation that the partnership will deliver tens of billions of dollars in revenue for AMD, that the agreement creates
strategic alignment and shareholder value for the parties, and is expected to be highly accretive to AMD’s
non-GAAP


earnings-per-share;
 the availability, timing and expected benefits of AMD products and roadmaps; and the expected demand for AMD products, all of which are made pursuant
to the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements are commonly identified by words such as “would,” “may,” “expects,” “believes,”
“plans,” “intends,” “projects” and other terms with similar meaning. Investors are cautioned that the forward-looking statements in this press release are based on current beliefs, assumptions and expectations,
speak only as of the date of this press release and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations. Such statements are subject to certain known and unknown risks and uncertainties,
many of which are difficult to predict and generally beyond AMD’s control, that could cause actual results and other future events to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking information and
statements. Material factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, without limitation, the following: the impact of changes in economic or business conditions of our partners; new developments in the
AI industry; successful execution of the business strategy of AMD and its partners; competitive markets in which AMD’s products are sold; the cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry; market conditions of the industries in which AMD
products are sold; AMD’s ability to introduce products on a timely basis with expected features and performance levels; loss of a significant customer; economic and market uncertainty; quarterly and seasonal sales patterns; AMD’s ability
to adequately protect its technology or other intellectual property; unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations; ability of third party manufacturers to manufacture AMD’s products on a timely basis in sufficient quantities and using
competitive technologies; availability of essential equipment, materials, substrates or manufacturing processes; ability to achieve expected manufacturing yields for AMD’s products; AMD’s ability to generate revenue from its semi-custom
SoC products; potential security vulnerabilities; potential security incidents including IT outages, data loss, data breaches and cyberattacks; uncertainties involving the ordering and shipment of AMD’s products; AMD’s reliance on
third-party intellectual property to design and introduce new products; AMD’s reliance on third-party companies for design, manufacture and supply of motherboards, software, memory and other computer platform components; AMD’s reliance
on Microsoft and other software vendors’ support to design and develop software to run on





AMD’s products; AMD’s reliance on third-party distributors and
add-in-board
 partners; impact of
modification or interruption of AMD’s internal business processes and information systems; compatibility of AMD’s products with some or all industry-standard software and hardware; costs related to defective products; efficiency of
AMD’s supply chain; AMD’s ability to rely on third party supply-chain logistics functions; AMD’s ability to effectively control sales of its products on the gray market; impact of climate change on AMD’s business; impact of
government actions and regulations such as export regulations, tariffs and trade protection measures, and licensing requirements; AMD’s ability to realize its deferred tax assets; potential tax liabilities; current and future claims and
litigation; impact of environmental laws, conflict minerals related provisions and other laws or regulations; evolving expectations from governments, investors, customers and other stakeholders regarding corporate responsibility matters; issues
related to the responsible use of AI; restrictions imposed by agreements governing AMD’s notes, the guarantees of Xilinx’s notes, the revolving credit agreement and the ZT Systems credit agreement; impact of acquisitions, joint ventures
and/or strategic investments on AMD’s business and AMD’s ability to integrate acquired businesses, including ZT Systems; AMD’s ability to complete the sale of ZT Systems’ manufacturing business; impact of any impairment of
the combined company’s assets; political, legal and economic risks and natural disasters; future impairments of technology license purchases; AMD’s ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; and AMD’s stock price
volatility. Investors are urged to review in detail the risks and uncertainties in AMD’s Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including but not limited to AMD’s most recent reports on Forms

10-K
 and
10-Q.



