=== FILING DATE: 2025-05-30 ===
=== PERIOD COVERED: 2025-04-30 ===
=== SOURCE: 10-Q filed 2025-05-30 ===
=== SECTION: Segment Revenue Data ===
=== TICKER: SNOW ===

 roll over any unused capacity to future periods, generally upon the purchase of additional capacity. For these reasons, we believe our deferred revenue is not a meaningful indicator of future revenue that will be recognized in any given time period.
Our go-to-market strategy is focused on acquiring new customers and driving increased use of our platform for existing customers. We primarily focus our selling efforts on large organizations and primarily sell our platform through a direct sales force, which targets technical and business leaders who are adopting a cloud strategy and leveraging data to improve their business performance. Our sales force is comprised of sales development, inside sales, and field sales personnel and is segmented by the industry, size, and region of prospective customers. Once our platform has been adopted, we focus on increasing the migration of additional customer workloads to our platform to drive increased consumption, as evidenced by our net revenue retention rate of 124% and 126% as of April 30, 2025 and January 31, 2025, respectively. See the section titled “Key Business Metrics” for a definition of net revenue retention rate.
Our platform is used globally by organizations of all sizes across a broad range of industries. As of April 30, 2025, we had 11,578 total customers, increasing from 11,127 customers as of January 31, 2025. Our customer count is subject to adjustments for acquisitions, consolidations, spin-offs, and other market activity, and we present our total customer count for historical periods reflecting these adjustments. Our platform has been adopted by many of the world’s largest organizations that view Snowflake as a key strategic partner in their cloud and data transformation initiatives. As of April 30, 2025, our customers included 754 of the Forbes Global 2000, based on the 2024 Forbes Global 2000 list, and those customers contributed approximately 41% of our revenue for the three months ended April 30, 2025. Our Forbes Global 2000 customer count is subject to adjustments for annual updates to the Global 2000 list by Forbes, as well as acquisitions, consolidations, spin-offs, and other market activity with respect to such customers, and we present our Forbes Global 2000 customer count for historical periods reflecting these adjustments.
Fiscal Year
Our fiscal year ends on January 31. For example, references to fiscal 2026 refer to the fiscal year ending January 31, 2026.
Impact of Macroeconomic Conditions
Our business and financial condition have been, and may continue to be, impacted by adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, high interest rates, and fluctuations or volatility in capital markets or foreign currency exchange rates. These conditions have caused, and may continue to cause, customers to rationalize budgets, prioritize cash flow management, including through shortened contract duration, and optimize consumption, including by reducing storage through shorter data retention policies. We are continuing to monitor the actual and potential effects of general macroeconomic conditions across our business. For additional details, see the section titled “Risk Factors.”
36
Table of
Contents
Key Factors Affecting Our Performance
Adoption of our Platform and Expansion of the AI Data Cloud
Our future success depends in large part on the market adoption of our platform, including new product functionality, such as Snowpark and our artificial intelligence and machine learning technology (AI Technology). While we see growing demand for our platform, particularly from large enterprises, many of these organizations have invested substantial technical, financial, and personnel resources in their existing database products or big data offerings. In addition, customers’ use of our AI Technology is often dependent on their ability to meet evolving regulatory standards, successfully complete internal compliance reviews, and enter into mutually acceptable contractual terms. While this makes it difficult to predict customer adoption rates and future demand, we believe that the benefits of our platform put us in a strong position to capture the significant market opportunity ahead.
Our platform powers the AI Data Cloud, a network of data providers, data consumers, and data application developers that enables our customers to securely share, monetize, and acquire live data sets and data products. The AI Data Cloud includes access to the Snowflake Marketplace, through which customers can access or acquire third-party data sets, data applications, and other data products. Our future growth is increasingly dependent on our ability to increase consumption of our platform by building and expanding the AI Data Cloud.
Expanding Within our Existing Customer Base
Our large base of customers represents a significant opportunity for further consumption of our platform. While we have seen an increase in the number of customers that have contributed more than $1 million in product revenue in the trailing 12 months, we believe that there is a substantial opportunity to continue growing these customers further, as well as continuing to expand the usage of our platform within our other existing customers. We plan to continue investing to encourage increased consumption and adoption of new use cases among our existing customers, particularly large enterprises.
Once deployed, our customers often expand their use of our platform more broadly within the enterprise and across their ecosystem of customers and partners as they migrate more data to the public cloud, identify new use cases, and realize the benefits of our platform and the AI Data Cloud. However, because we generally recognize product revenue on consumption and not ratably over the term of the contract, we do not have visibility into the timing of revenue recognition from any particular customer. In addition, many customers are attempting to rationalize budgets, prioritize cash flow management, and optimize consumption amidst macroeconomic uncertainty. In any given period, there is a risk that customer consumption of our platform will be slower than we expect, which may cause fluctuations in our revenue and results of operations.
New software releases or hardware improvements, like better storage compression, cloud infrastructure processor improvements, and compute optimization, may make our platform more efficient, enabling customers to consume fewer compute, storage, and data transfer resources to accomplish the same workloads. In addition, open data formats allow customers to use our platform for compute services without requiring storage. To the extent these improvements do not result in an offsetting increase in new workloads, we may experience lower revenue. Our ability to increase usage of our platform by, and sell additional contracted capacity to, existing customers, and, in particular, large enterprise customers, will depend on a number of factors, including our customers’ satisfaction with our platform, competition, pricing, macroeconomic conditions, overall changes in our customers’ spending levels, customers’ attempts to optimize their consumption, our customers’ confidence in the security of our platform, our ability to maintain our reputation as a trustworthy vendor, the effectiveness of our and our partners’ efforts to help our customers realize the benefits of our platform, and the extent to which customers migrate new workloads to our platform over time, including data science, artificial intelligence, and machine learning workloads.
37
Table of
Contents
Acquiring New Customers
Our future success also depends on our ability to acquire new customers. We believe there is a substantial opportunity to further grow our customer base by continuing to make significant investments in sales and marketing and brand awareness. Our ability to attract new customers will depend on a number of factors, including the productivity of our sales organiza