=== FILING DATE: 2025-09-05 ===
=== PERIOD COVERED: 2025-07-31 ===
=== SOURCE: 10-Q filed 2025-09-05 ===
=== SECTION: Item 1 — Business ===
=== TICKER: SNOW ===

ITEM 1
. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
From time to time, we have been and will continue to be subject to legal proceedings and claims. We are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows.
We have received, and may in the future continue to receive, claims from third parties asserting, among other things, infringement of their intellectual property rights.
On February 29, 2024, a stockholder class action lawsuit was filed against us, our former Chief Executive Officer, and our Chief Financial Officer in the United States District Court in the Northern District of California, alleging violations under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act. The complaint seeks an unspecified amount of damages, attorneys’ fees, expert fees, and other costs. On October 28, 2024, an amended complaint was filed by the lead plaintiff. On December 23, 2024, we filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint. On January 29, 2025, the lead plaintiff informed us that it would seek leave to file a second amended complaint rather than respond to the motion to dismiss. On April 7, 2025, the lead plaintiff filed its second amended complaint. On June 6, 2025, we filed a motion to dismiss the second amended complaint. On August 5, 2025, the lead plaintiff filed its opposition to the motion to dismiss. Our reply brief in support of the motion to dismiss is due on September 19, 2025. In addition, since the filing of the class action lawsuit, five additional complaints containing securities derivative claims have been filed against us and certain of our directors and executive officers alleging similar violations. The derivative claims have been stayed pending resolution of the anticipated motion to dismiss the class action lawsuit. We and the other defendants intend to vigorously defend against the claims in these actions.
On June 13, 2024, a class action was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Montana against us alleging that we failed to take reasonable measures to secure systems that contained consumer data, thereby allowing threat actors to access and exfiltrate personally identifiable information. In the months that followed, numerous additional class actions making the same or similar allegations were filed in the United States and Canada against us and/or our customers whose consumer or employee data was exfiltrated. Among other claims, the complaints assert common law claims for negligence, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of implied contract, and unjust enrichment, as well as statutory claims, and seek an unspecified amount of damages, attorneys’ fees and costs, as well as injunctive relief. On October 4, 2024, an order was issued by the United States Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation combining the class actions filed in the United States into a multidistrict litigation in the District of Montana. On February 3, 2025, plaintiffs filed their representative complaint on behalf of the consumer plaintiffs. On February 14, 2025, the Court created a separate financial institution track to represent the interests of certain financial institutions (FI Plaintiffs) and ordered that a separate FI Plaintiff representative complaint be filed. On April 7, 2025, an FI Plaintiff representative complaint was filed. On April 14, 2025, the plaintiffs filed a second amended representative complaint on behalf of the consumer plaintiffs. On May 16, 2025, we filed a motion to dismiss the second amended representative complaint on behalf of the consumer plaintiffs. On May 20, 2025, the plaintiffs filed a third amended representative complaint that asserted additional claims against us on behalf of individuals impacted by the breach of a Snowflake customer account containing personally identifiable information from the Los Angeles Unified School District (LAUSD Claims). On June 26, 2025, we moved to dismiss the FI Plaintiff representative complaint. On July 30, 2025, we moved to dismiss the LAUSD Claims. Oral argument is scheduled to take place on the three motions to dismiss on October 6, 2025. In addition to the multidistrict litigation, a class action is pending in the Supreme Court of British Columbia. We intend to vigorously defend against the claims in these actions.
Future litigation may be necessary to defend ourselves, our partners, and our customers by determining the scope, enforceability, and validity of third-party proprietary rights, or to establish our proprietary rights. The results of any current or future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors. See Note 11, “Commitments and Contingencies,” to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional details.
65
Table of
Contents