=== FILING DATE: 2025-12-05 ===
=== PERIOD COVERED: 2025-10-31 ===
=== SOURCE: 10-Q filed 2025-12-05 ===
=== SECTION: Segment Revenue Data ===
=== TICKER: SNOW ===

icator of future revenue that will be recognized in any given time period.
Our go-to-market strategy is focused on acquiring new customers and driving increased use of our platform for existing customers. We primarily focus our selling efforts on large organizations and primarily sell our platform through a direct sales force, which targets technical and business leaders who are adopting a cloud strategy and leveraging data to improve their business performance. Our sales force is comprised of inside and field sales, solution engineering, sales development, partner sales, and specialist sales personnel and is segmented by the industry, size, and region of prospective customers. Once our platform has been adopted, we focus on increasing the migration of additional customer workloads to our platform to drive increased consumption, as evidenced by our net revenue retention rate of 125% and 126% as of October 31, 2025 and January 31, 2025, respectively. See the section titled “Key Business Metrics” for a definition of net revenue retention rate.
Our platform is used globally by organizations of all sizes across a broad range of industries. As of October 31, 2025, we had 12,621 total customers, increasing from 11,023 customers as of January 31, 2025. Our customer count is subject to adjustments for acquisitions, consolidations, spin-offs, and other market activity, and we present our total customer count for historical periods reflecting these adjustments. Our platform has been adopted by many of the world’s largest organizations that view Snowflake as a key strategic partner in their cloud and data transformation initiatives. As of October 31, 2025, our customers included 766 of the Forbes Global 2000, based on the 2025 Forbes Global 2000 list, and those customers contributed approximately 42% of our revenue for the nine months ended October 31, 2025. Our Forbes Global 2000 customer count is subject to adjustments for annual updates to the Global 2000 list by Forbes, as well as acquisitions, consolidations, spin-offs, and other market activity with respect to such customers, and we present our Forbes Global 2000 customer count for historical periods reflecting these adjustments. See the section titled “Key Business Metrics” for how we determine our customer count.
Fiscal Year
Our fiscal year ends on January 31. For example, references to fiscal 2026 refer to the fiscal year ending January 31, 2026.
Impact of Macroeconomic Conditions
Our business and financial condition have been, and may continue to be, impacted by adverse macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, high interest rates, and fluctuations or volatility in capital markets or foreign currency exchange rates. These conditions have caused, and may continue to cause, customers to rationalize budgets, prioritize cash flow management, including through shortened contract duration, and optimize consumption, including by reducing storage through shorter data retention policies. We are continuing to monitor the actual and potential effects of general macroeconomic conditions across our business. For additional details, see the section titled “Risk Factors.”
43
Tab
le of Contents
Common Stock
On July 3, 2025, we filed an amended and restated certificate of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware effecting (i) the elimination of our Class B common stock, and (ii) the renaming of our Class A common stock to “common stock”. This amendment had no impact on our issued and outstanding shares, additional paid-in capital, or accumulated deficit.
Business Combination
On June 6, 2025, we acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of Crunchy Data Solutions, Inc. (Crunchy Data), a privately-held company that provides PostgreSQL technology, for $164.5 million in cash.
The results of operations of this business combination have been included in our condensed consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. See Note 7, “Business Combinations,” to our condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for details regarding this business combination.
Key Factors Affecting Our Performance
Adoption of our Platform and Expansion of the AI Data Cloud
Our future success depends in large part on the market adoption of our platform, including new product functionality, such as Snowpark and our AI and machine learning technology (collectively, AI Technology). While we see growing demand for our platform, particularly from large enterprises, many of these organizations have invested substantial technical, financial, and personnel resources in their existing database products or big data offerings. In addition, customers’ use of our AI Technology is often dependent on their ability to meet evolving regulatory standards, successfully complete internal compliance reviews, and enter into mutually acceptable contractual terms. While this makes it difficult to predict customer adoption rates and future demand, we believe that the benefits of our platform put us in a strong position to capture the significant market opportunity ahead.
Our platform powers the AI Data Cloud, a network of data providers, data consumers, and data application developers that enables our customers to securely share, monetize, and acquire live data sets and data products. The AI Data Cloud includes access to the Snowflake Marketplace, through which customers can access or acquire third-party data sets, data applications, and other data products. Our future growth is increasingly dependent on our ability to increase consumption of our platform by building and expanding the AI Data Cloud.
Expanding Within our Existing Customer Base
Our large base of customers represents a significant opportunity for further consumption of our platform. While we have seen an increase in the number of customers that have contributed more than $1 million in product revenue in the trailing 12 months, we believe that there is a substantial opportunity to continue growing these customers further, as well as continuing to expand the usage of our platform within our other existing customers. We plan to continue investing to encourage increased consumption and adoption of new use cases among our existing customers, particularly large enterprises.
Once deployed, our customers often expand their use of our platform more broadly within the enterprise and across their ecosystem of customers and partners as they migrate more data to the public cloud, identify new use cases, and realize the benefits of our platform and the AI Data Cloud. However, because we generally recognize product revenue on consumption and not ratably over the term of the contract, we do not have visibility into the timing of revenue recognition from any particular customer. In addition, many customers are attempting to rationalize budgets, prioritize cash flow management, and optimize consumption amidst macroeconomic uncertainty. In any given period, there is a risk that customer consumption of our platform will be slower than we expect, which may cause fluctuations in our revenue and results of operations.
44
Tab
le of Contents
New software releases or hardware improvements, like better storage compression, cloud infrastructure processor improvements, and compute optimization, may make our platform more efficient, enabling customers to consume fewer compute, storage, and data transfer resources to accomplish the same workloads. In addition, open data formats allow customers to use our platform for compute services without requiring storage. To the extent these improvements do not result in an offsetting increase in new workloads, we may experience lower revenue. Our ability to increase usage of our platform by, and sell additional contracted capacity to, existing customers, and, in particular, large enterprise customers, will depend on a number of factors, including our customers’ satisfaction with our platform, our c