=== FILING DATE: 2025-07-31 ===
=== PERIOD COVERED: 2025-06-29 ===
=== SOURCE: 10-Q filed 2025-07-31 ===
=== SECTION: Item 1 — Business ===
=== TICKER: HAS ===

Item 1
.    Legal Proceedings.
On November 13, 2024, West Palm Beach Firefighters’ Pension Fund filed a putative class action lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York alleging violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and certain rules promulgated thereunder. West Palm Beach Firefighters’ Pension Fund v. Hasbro, Inc., Richard Stoddart, Christian Cocks, Deborah Thomas, Gina Goetter and Eric Nyman, Case No.1:24-cv-8633 (S.D.N.Y.). The plaintiff asserts claims on behalf of persons and entities that purchased the Company’s securities between February 7, 2022 and October 25, 2023 (the “Class Period”), and seeks compensatory damages, interest, fees, and costs. The complaint alleges that members of the putative class suffered losses as a result of false or misleading statements and withholding of information regarding the Company’s inventory, including quality and appropriateness thereof, during the Class Period. The court is in the process of appointing a lead plaintiff. The Company intends to vigorously defend against these claims. Due to the early stages of this matter, the Company is unable to estimate a reasonably possible range of loss, if any, that may result from this matter.
On February 5, 2025, Dale Lee, derivatively on behalf of Hasbro, Inc., filed a putative shareholder derivative action against current and former members of the Board of Directors of the Company in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. Lee v. Cocks, et al., Case No. 1:25-cv-01018 (S.D.N.Y.). The allegations in this complaint are nearly identical to those of the West Palm Beach Firefighters' Pension Fund action. Plaintiff alleges, nominally on behalf of the Company, that the named defendants breached the Hasbro Code of Conduct and Audit Committee Charter as well as their individual fiduciary duties by making false or misleading statements, approving the making of false or misleading statements, and/or withholding information regarding the Company's inventory during the same time period as the Class Period. The action alleges violations of Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 14a-9 with respect to the 2022 Proxy Statement, Section 10(b), 15 U.S.C. sec. 78(j) and Rule 10b-5. Plaintiff voluntarily dismissed the action.
On February 21, 2025, Patrick Ayers, derivatively on behalf of Hasbro, Inc., filed a putative shareholder derivative action against certain of the Company’s executive officers and current and former members of the Board of Directors of the Company in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, et al., Case No. 1:25-cv-1504 (S.D.N.Y.). The allegations in this complaint are substantially the same as those in the Lee action described above. Plaintiff voluntarily dismissed the action.
The Company is currently party to other certain legal proceedings, none of which we believe to be material to our business or financial condition.