=== FILING DATE: 2025-07-31 ===
=== PERIOD COVERED: 2025-06-29 ===
=== SOURCE: 10-Q filed 2025-07-31 ===
=== SECTION: Item 7 — MD&A ===
=== TICKER: HAS ===

Item 7
, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2024. We believe that at June 29, 2025, there has been no material change to this information except as noted below.
Recoverability of Goodwill and Intangible Assets
The quantitative test of goodwill for impairment requires us to estimate the fair value of our reporting units. We test goodwill at the reporting unit level, which we define as one level below the operating segment. Our reporting units are aligned with our product lines that are separately managed and reviewed. During the second quarter of 2025, we performed a quantitative impairment test for certain of our reporting units within the Consumer Products and Entertainment segments. The reporting units within the Consumer Products segment subject to the quantitative test included North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Latin America as well as the Family Brands reporting unit within the Entertainment segment. We have concluded that North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Latin America reporting units have similar economic characteristics and should be aggregated for purposes of testing goodwill for impairment. Our conclusion was based on a detailed analysis of the aggregation criteria set forth in FASB ASC Topic 280,
Segment Reporting
, and in FASB ASC Topic 350,
Intangibles - Goodwill and Other
. These reporting units serve similar clients and have similar products, including similar sourcing and distribution methods and they have similar economic characteristics.
We determined that the carrying values of our regional consumer products reporting units, and when aggregated during the second quarter of 2025 based upon similar economic characteristics, exceeded their respective fair values and recorded aggregate pre-tax non-cash impairment charges of $1,021.9 million. Specifically, the fair values of North America and Europe reporting units were determined considering a discounted cash flow model which is primarily based on management’s future revenue and cost estimates, which included the estimated impact of tariff policies in effect and the related macroeconomic environment, and discount rate. The fair value of the Asia Pacific and Latin America reporting units was determined considering a discounted cash flow model weighted equally with the market approach which is primarily based on multiples of comparable public companies.
The fair value of our Family Brands reporting unit, within the Entertainment segment, exceeded the carrying value of that reporting unit by approximately 15%. $325.2 million of goodwill is allocated to the Family Brands reporting unit. The fair value of the Family Brands reporting unit was determined considering a discounted cash flow model weighted equally with the market approach which is primarily based on multiples of comparable public companies. Management closely monitors the operating results of all reporting units in addition to macroeconomic conditions and trade policy developments. Further volatility of trade, geopolitical tensions, or negative global economic developments could cause significant further decreases in the operating results of our reporting units, which may result in a recognition of a goodwill impairment that could be material to the Consolidated Financial Statements in future periods.
Critical assumptions used in the determination of the reporting units’ fair value included management’s estimated future revenue growth rates, estimated future margins, and discount rate. Estimated future revenue growth and margins are based on management’s best estimate about current and future conditions. During the second quarter of 2025, the regional consumer products reporting units included discount rates ranging from 10.5% to 14.0% and a terminal value revenue growth rate of 3.0%. Additionally, the forecasted growth in operating profit margins towards the terminal value operating profit is aligned with industry averages. For the Family Brands reporting unit, critical assumptions included a discount rate approximating 9.5%, a terminal value revenue growth rate of 3.0%, and a terminal operating profit margin consistent with levels achieved in recent historical periods when excluding one-time impairment and disposal charges. Although we believe the assumptions and estimates made were reasonable and appropriate, these estimates are based on a number of factors including historical experience and information obtained from reporting unit management. Actual results could differ from these estimates, especially given uncertainty related to tariffs, global trade policy, and global macroeconomic conditions. We determined the discount rate using our weighted average cost of capital adjusted for risk factors specific to the reporting unit, with comparison to market and industry data.
45
We proceeded to perform sensitivities in our impairment testing of the Family Brands reporting unit by (i) increasing the discount rate 250 basis points, (ii) decreasing the expected long-term growth rate 750 basis points, (iii) decreasing the annual revenue projections 400 basis points, and (iv) decreasing projected gross margins 1,000 basis points. None of these sensitivities individually would have resulted in a conclusion that the goodwill in our Family Brands reporting unit were impaired.
More information regarding goodwill is contained in Note 5, Goodwill, in the consolidated financial statements.
FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
The Company is exposed to market risks attributable to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates primarily as the result of sourcing products priced in U.S. dollars, Hong Kong dollars and Euros while marketing and selling those products in more than twenty currencies. Results of operations may be affected primarily by changes in the value of the U.S. dollar, Euro, British pound sterling, Canadian dollar, Japanese Yen, Brazilian real and Mexican peso and, to a lesser extent, other currencies in Latin America and Asia Pacific countries.
To manage this exposure, the Company has hedged a portion of its forecasted foreign currency transactions using foreign exchange forward contracts and foreign exchange option contracts. The Company is also exposed to foreign currency risk with respect to its net cash and cash equivalents or short-term borrowing positions in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The Company believes, however, that the on-going risk on the net exposure should not be material to its financial condition. In addition, the Company's revenues and costs have been, and will likely continue to be, affected by changes in foreign currency rates. A significant change in foreign exchange rates can materially impact the Company's revenues and earnings due to translation of foreign-denominated revenues and expenses. The Company does not hedge against translation impacts of foreign exchange. From time to time, affiliates of the Company may make or receive intercompany loans in currencies other than their functional currency. The Company manages this exposure at the time the loan is made by using foreign exchange contracts.
The Company reflects derivatives at their fair value as an asset or liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company does not speculate in foreign currency exchange contracts. See Note 12, Derivative Financial Instruments, to the Company’s consolidated financial statements for further details on the Company's derivatives.
As of June 29, 2025, the Company had fixed-rate debt of $3.3 billion. The Company may from time to time assess interest rate swaps related to its outstanding debt. The Company did not have any outstanding swaps as of June 29, 2025, June 30, 2024, or December 29, 2024.
INFLATION
The Company monitors the impact of inflation to its business operations on an ongoing basis and may need to implement actions such as price adjustments to mitigate the impact of changes to the rate of inflation in future periods. However, future volatility of general price inflation could affect consumer purchases of our products and spending on entertainment. Additionally, the impact of inflation on costs and availability of materials, costs for shipping and warehousing and other operational overhead, could adversely affect the Company's financial results.