=== FILING DATE: 2026-02-17 ===
=== PERIOD COVERED: 2025-12-31 ===
=== SOURCE: 10-K filed 2026-02-17 ===
=== SECTION: Item 1 — Business ===
=== TICKER: ANET ===

Item 1
. Business
 In a world where data is increasingly a precious commodity and competitive differentiator, Arista was founded to enable our customers to access all their centers of data in the quickest, most reliable, and secure manner. Over the last two decades, we have emerged as an industry leader, delivering data-driven, client-to-cloud networking-as-a-service. Our “Centers of Data” strategy is a fundamental pivot from legacy networking approaches that create incongruent silos to a unified, data-driven approach in which the network is a service that interconnects four primary domains: AI Centers, Data Centers, Campus Centers, and WAN Centers. Anchored by Arista’s state-oriented Extensible Operating System (EOS) and Network Data Lake (NetDL), our network-as-a-service platform delivers a seamless, consolidated networking experience regardless of data location.

Our solutions are differentiated because they:
•
offer uncompromising reliability derived from the foundation of robust quality assurance capabilities, and a suite of automated diagnostics,
•
are based on advanced open and standards-based technology that avoids what is often expensive vendor lock-in, and
•
provide consistent real-time telemetry and intelligent automation to decrease the manual workload on the operator.
This strategy and differentiation have also allowed us to deliver our comprehensive suite of products, services, and technologies to a global customer base segmented into three primary categories: Cloud and AI Titans, AI and Specialty Providers, and Enterprise. Market research confirms that we continue to be a leader in high-speed Ethernet switching.
Our Market Drivers and Products
Centers of Data Drive the World
1
Table of Contents
In the modern competitive landscape, the ability to access, manipulate, and leverage data is fundamental to an organization’s growth and viability. This is especially true in the era of Large Language Models (LLMs), agentic AI, and physical AI, where data has evolved from a byproduct of operations into the primary engine of intelligence and autonomy. Consequently, the network has matured beyond traditional "IT infrastructure" to become the spine or central nervous system. It serves as the critical conduit through which data flows from cloud and edge environments to the AI models that drive decision-making. This heightened dependency on real-time data movement underscores the necessity for a network architecture defined by unprecedented scale, availability, predictable performance, and open programmability. Operational simplicity and robust security are essential to ensure the business can compete in a world of massive, networked transactions.
Public cloud titans and, more recently, AI Neocloud providers have been at the forefront of this evolution, pioneering the development of large-scale data and AI centers to meet the growing demands of their users, including business customers. These networks have become the benchmark for superior performance and efficiency of IT infrastructure at the lowest unit cost. Enterprises and service providers worldwide are therefore adopting these hyperscale technologies and principles for their own network operations to achieve similar performance, operational efficiencies, and cost reductions.
Arista established itself as a market leader with platforms, products, and people to enable some of these hyperscalers’ most consequential networks. Our network-as-a-service approach now empowers customers of all sizes to seamlessly leverage their data through offerings spanning three key categories: Core (AI, Cloud, and Data Center Networking), Cognitive Adjacencies (Campus and Routing), and Cognitive Networks (Software and Services). With world-class engineering expertise and platform innovation, our customers gain the predictable performance and operational simplicity required to turn data into a sustainable competitive advantage in a modern, AI-driven world.


Networking at Scale for the AI Center

The rapid expansion of generative, agentic, and physical AI computing and distributed applications is blurring the lines between frontend and backend AI, Cloud, and Data Centers. Modern workloads are both data- and compute-intensive and place significant demands on the underlying network. For instance, a typical AI job involves large, sparse matrix math, distributed across hundreds or thousands of AI accelerators (XPU, GPU, TPU, etc.) with intense computations for a period of time. This type of workload requires a high-bandwidth, scalable, lossless, and power-efficient network, based on open standards, to eliminate operational costs and complexities associated with proprietary approaches.
2
Table of Contents
As a pioneer of leaf and spine networking for cloud and data centers, Arista’s "AI Center" now delivers a unified, data-driven network architecture that integrates distinct connectivity layers to optimize time-to-first-job, AI job completion times, and XPU utilization/efficiency. This strategy addresses the massive bandwidth and traffic fidelity requirements of AI workloads through three specific domains:
•
Scale Up:
Currently dominated by proprietary technologies, this domain involves high-bandwidth, low-latency interconnects linking multiple XPUs within a single rack. We believe Scale Up represents a future incremental opportunity as the market shifts toward open standards like Ethernet for Scale Up Networks (ESUN).
•
Scale Out:
This network connects XPUs across multiple racks to support massive training or inferencing clusters. The industry trend toward replacing legacy, proprietary approaches, such as InfiniBand, with Ethernet, as defined by the Ultra Ethernet Consortium, creates an opportunity for us to gain share while enabling customers to scale from thousands to a million XPUs and beyond.
•
Scale Across:
Power and space constraints, along with the need for AI inference closer to the edge, are driving the need for distributed clusters spread across large geographic distances. Our Scale Across solutions deliver the capabilities necessary to enable long-distance routed access while accounting for factors such as packet loss and delays, as well as data security on the wire.
The Arista Etherlink portfolio comprises a family of over twenty products designed to support the diverse range of AI Scale Out and Scale Across use cases today and Scale Up in the future. Our portfolio of 800G switches, coupled with Arista's EOS innovations such as Smart System Upgrades (SSU), AI Analyzer, and optimal load-balancing, offers compelling solutions for contemporary AI applications and deployments. Arista also continues to be innovative in areas such as deep packet buffer architectures, virtual output queuing, non-disruptive upgrades, optics, reversible cooling, and overall system power efficiency. The Arista 7800R AI Spine, 7060 AI Leaf, and the 7700R4 Distributed Etherlink Switch ("DES") are designed to address the demanding scale and performance requirements of AI Scale Out, Scale Up and Scale Across networking.
Next Generation Campus and Routing
The traditional concept of a “campus” has been redefined in the post-pandemic world, and the boundaries between the office, home, teleworker, and user have converged. At the same time, the proliferation and sophistication of devices that connect the campus, such as smart devices, security cameras, and the Internet of Things ("IoT"), have grown dramatically. The
3
Table of Contents
challenge lies in successfully transitioning the existing siloed campus into a data-driven, distributed campus with a common operating model, while addressing the growing security and availability needs.
Arista’s cognitive campus portfolio was driven by customers seeking the same quality and operational efficiency available in the data center across their enterprise networks. We offer a robust set of solutions, ranging from modular and fixed-form-factor campus spine switches to Power-over-Ethernet ("PoE") leaf switches and Wi-Fi access points, all managed through CloudVision®.
Recently, we also added the VeloCloud SD-WAN portfolio, which complements our wired and wireless campus portfolio by enhancing the branch center by providing leading cloud-delivered SD-WAN solutions with integrated security. This portfolio of solutions offers expanded choice and enhanced performance for our customers, enabling global WAN services that seamlessly interconnect data centers and distributed campus offices.
Arista’s Cloud-Grade Routing platforms, powered by EOS, combine high-performance routing, high port density, deep buffers, integrated dense wavelength division multiplexing (DWDM), and wire-speed encryption. Our 7280R4 Universal Leaf and 7500R3 and 7800R4 Universal Spine platforms serve a variety of use cases, including high-speed multi-cloud connect, Data Center Interconnect (DCI), controller-based traffic engineering, peering, business VPNs, core routing, and secure enterprise edge routing.
Software and Services: AI Ops, Management, Observability, Zero Trust Networking, and A-Care Services
The Arista EOS network architecture provides a foundational set of services for continuous streamed device state, telemetry, packet, flow, alert, sensor, and third-party data into an aggregated Network Data Lake (“Arista NetDL™”). NetDL makes these diverse datasets available via a single service endpoint, enhancing Arista and third-party applications and enabling customer-specific private clouds.
CloudVision is Arista’s modern, multi-domain AI Ops and management platform that leverages cloud networking principles to deliver a simplified end-to-end network operations experience for our Enterprise market. Unlike traditional domain-specific management solutions, CloudVision enables consistent, zero-touch network operations across data centers, campus wired and wireless networks, routing interconnects, and multi-cloud networks, thus helping to break down the complexity of siloed management approaches.
Arista AVA (autonomous virtual assist) is an agentic AI-enabled decision-support system that provides unprecedented visibility and responsiveness for network and security operations. It combines cloud scalability with the codified expertise of real-world professionals to proactively identify issues such as unusual connectivity jitter, failing optics, a lack of disk space, or network security threats, while reducing operational noise so teams can focus on the most impactful issues. AVA capabilities also expand to include automating provisioning changes and running network audits. With AVA agents, our goal is to alert users about potential network problems and pre-compute answers by anticipating the operator’s questions. We thus attempt to significantly simplify network management for our customers and allow human operators to focus on high-level strategy and innovation, rather than mundane network operations.
4
Table of Contents
Zero trust architectures aim to mitigate the risks posed by cyber threats by eliminating the assumption that a device is trusted simply because it is on the “internal” network. However, this is easier said than done, given today’s changing definition of the network that spans campus, data center, cloud, and more. Adding multiple network security layers, such as firewalls, network access control, and threat detection, among others, comes with tremendous cost, complexity, and brittleness, whereas the benefits are often hard to quantify.
We offer a comprehensive suite of security solutions that align with the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency’s Zero Trust Maturity Model and help organizations accelerate toward optimal zero trust maturity. Moreover, these network security controls can help address gaps in an organization’s zero trust posture across other domains such as identity, devices, workloads, and data.
5
Table of Contents
We have designed our customer support offerings, Arista A-Care Services, to deliver high levels of support to our customers. Our global team of support engineers engages directly with client IT teams and is available by email, phone, or through our website.
We offer multiple service options, allowing our customers to select the product replacement service level that best meets their needs. We stock spare parts in over 200 locations worldwide through our third-party logistics suppliers. All our service options include unlimited access to bug fixes, new-feature releases, online case management, and our community forums.
The Arista Data-Driven Cloud Networking-as-a-Service Platform
The core of our cloud networking-as-a-service platform is our data-driven operating system, EOS®, which runs on top of standard Linux and offers programmability at all layers of the stack. System state and data are stored in EOS and maintained in a highly efficient, centralized system database where data is accessed via an automated publish/subscribe model. This distinct design principle provides module independence, self-healing resiliency, and multi-process software stability.
Our Competitive Strengths
•
Broad and Differentiated Portfolio:
 Using best-of-breed merchant silicon, we deliver high-performance, purpose-built platforms with industry-leading capacity and designed to support a variety of customer needs, including low latency, high port density, deep packet buffers, and modular chassis. Our diagnostics and infrastructure service ("NetdiTM) ensures these platforms deliver the highest quality levels with superior signal integrity and power efficiency.
•
Rich Software-Driven Networking-as-a-Service:
 Our networking-as-a-service platform addresses the inherent limitations of legacy network architectures by relying on a single operating system (EOS), a single data lake (NetDL), and a single management solution (CloudVision). This strategy allows us to address a broad set of needs from client to cloud while maintaining feature consistency across our entire product portfolio. Unlike the competition, our modular, software-driven architecture enables us to partner closely with our customers and rapidly evolve our offerings to address changing needs while maintaining structural integrity and quality. Customers thus lower their total network operations costs with a modern operating model powered by capabilities such as streaming real-time telemetry, in-service software upgrades, and AI Ops.
6
Table of Contents
•
Award-winning Support System:
 Our Technical Assistance Center ("TAC") provides 24/7/365 support to reduce downtime, improve operational efficiency, and protect our customers' infrastructure. Our unwavering commitment to customer experience and deep collaboration has earned us an industry-leading Net Promoter Score, reflecting the trust our customers place in our hardware and software leadership.
Our Customers
Our customers include large cloud customers or Cloud and AI Titans, other internet and service providers, including specialty and AI Neoclouds, and a wide breadth of enterprise customers, including financial services organizations and government agencies. We continue to diversify the types of enterprise customers we serve and have expanded our presence across a wide spectrum of industries, including media and entertainment, healthcare, oil and gas, education, manufacturing and industrial sectors, among others. Two of our customers accounted for more than 10% of our sales for the year ended December 31, 2025. Sales to these two customers represented 26% and 16% of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025, respectively.
Sales and Marketing
We market and sell our products through our direct sales force and in partnership with our channel partners, including distributors, value-added resellers, systems integrators and original equipment manufacturer ("OEM") partners. We also partner with various technology companies to sell our products. To facilitate channel coordination and increase productivity, we have established the Arista Partner Program, designed to engage partners who provide value-added services and extend our reach into the marketplace. Authorized training partners deliver technical training to our channel partners and end customers. Our partners typically receive an order from an end customer before placing an order with us, and we verify the end customer's identification before accepting such orders. Our partners generally do not stock inventory received from us.
Our sales organization is supported by systems engineers with deep technical expertise who are responsible for pre-sales technical support and solutions engineering for our customers, systems integrators, OEMs, and channel partners. In general, the personnel in our sales organization are organized into teams, and each team is responsible for a specific geographical territory, manages a number of major direct end-customer accounts, or has been assigned accounts in a particular vertical market. A pool of shared channel sales and marketing representatives also supports these teams.
Our marketing activities consist primarily of technology conferences, webinars, web marketing, trade shows, product demonstrations, seminars and events, public relations, analyst relations, demand generation and direct marketing to build our brand, increase customer awareness, communicate our product advantages and generate qualified leads for our field sales force and channel partners.
Research and Development
Our success relies on our foundation of deep engineering partnerships with our customers, which enables us to enhance existing products and develop new solutions and features that address changing customer needs and technological advancements. Our in-house engineering personnel are responsible for the development, testing, documentation, support and release of our products.  We have a highly skilled team of software and hardware engineers with extensive experience in wired and wireless networking technologies, network protocols, network security, operating systems, programming languages, compilers, databases, hardware system design, Field-Programmable Gate Array ("FPGA") programming, high-speed signal integrity, and other related technologies.
Our research and development strategy focuses on advancing our core products and expanding into new markets while maintaining high product quality.  We currently focus our research and development efforts in (1) adapting EOS for new and existing silicon architectures, especially to support the unique requirements of AI workloads; (2) adding or enhancing EOS control plane and management plane functionality; (3) expanding our CloudVision management stack with enhanced automation, provisioning, monitoring, and security capabilities; (4) building related services, such as microsegmentation, network detection and response ("NDR") and Network Access Control ("NAC"); (5) improving the security and scalability of our software development infrastructure and software supply chain; and (6) continuing to enhance our practice of delivering high hardware quality, reliability and power efficiency that serve to minimize operational costs for customers.
We have dedicated significant time and resources to automate testing and ensure high test pass rates. Our engineers work closely with our support team to resolve technical issues that customers experience with our products and use that information to continuously improve our practices. Collaboration with customers and other industry leaders is integral to our approach. Looking ahead, we plan to continue investing in our research and development efforts, thereby evolving and
7
Table of Contents
extending the capabilities of our portfolio. This will ensure that our products continue to address dynamic market needs and solidify our industry leadership.
Manufacturing
We subcontract the manufacturing of the majority of our products to various contract manufacturers. Our primary manufacturing partners are Jabil Inc., Sanmina Corporation and Foxconn Hon Hai. These partners manufacture our products internationally in Malaysia, Vietnam, Mexico and other countries. We require all our manufacturing locations to be ISO-9001 certified. After manufacturing and testing, the products are shipped to direct fulfillment facilities in the United States, the Netherlands and Singapore for further transformation as needed and distribution. We have four direct fulfillment facilities worldwide to hold finished goods inventory and perform final product configuration and shipping to customers and partners. After distribution, our products are typically installed by customers or by third-party service providers such as system integrators or value-added resellers on their behalf.
Our contract manufacturing partners procure the components needed to build our products and assemble them according to our design specifications. This allows us to leverage the purchasing power of our contract manufacturing partners. We retain complete control over the bill of materials, qualified component suppliers, test procedures and quality assurance programs. Our personnel work closely with our partners and review forecasts, inventory levels, processes, capacity, yields and overall quality on an ongoing basis.
Our products rely on key components, including merchant silicon, integrated circuit components and power supplies, which are purchased from a limited number of suppliers, including certain sole source providers. We may also see increased consolidation among our component suppliers. In particular, we are primarily reliant upon our predominant merchant silicon vendor, Broadcom, for our switching chips. Generally, neither we nor our contract manufacturers have a written agreement with these component providers to guarantee the supply of the key components used in our products, nor do we have exclusive rights to such key components. Furthermore, our arrangements with contract manufacturers and suppliers typically do not impose purchase obligations for specific quantities beyond the amounts established in our submitted purchase orders or forecasts.
Our product development efforts also depend upon continued collaboration with our key suppliers, such as Broadcom. As we develop our product roadmap and continue to expand our relationships with these and other merchant silicon vendors, it is crucial that we collaborate closely with our key merchant silicon vendors to ensure that their silicon incorporates enhanced features and that our products leverage these improvements. This enables us to focus our development resources on core software competencies and leverage investments made by merchant silicon vendors to achieve cost-effective solutions.
Competition
The markets in which we participate are highly competitive and characterized by rapidly transforming technology, changing end-customer needs, evolving industry standards, frequent introductions of new products and services and industry consolidation. We expect competition to intensify in the future as the market for cloud and AI networking expands and existing competitors and new market entrants introduce new products or enhance existing products.
The data center and campus networking markets have historically been dominated by Cisco, with competition also coming from other large network equipment and system vendors, including Dell/EMC, Extreme Networks, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Huawei, Juniper Networks, Nvidia, and white box networking vendors that utilize open-source operating systems. Most of our competitors and some strategic alliance partners have made acquisitions and/or have entered into or extended partnerships or other strategic relationships to offer more comprehensive product lines, including cloud networking solutions. For example, Broadcom has acquired VMware, Hewlett Packard Enterprise has acquired Juniper Networks and Nvidia has made significant investments in several AI Neoclouds. We often see that these types of acquisitions and strategic investments are used to influence buying decisions rather than allowing for the selection of a best-of-breed vendor.
With the emergence of AI networking, new competitive technologies may enter the market to address the requirements of AI clusters. Ethernet, faces competition from both InfiniBand ("IB") and NVLink interconnects for back-end AI networking clusters. IB has traditionally been used in supercomputer clusters due to its high reliability, low latency and high bandwidth. Both IB and NVLink are often sold as part of a vertical solution along with the GPUs from Nvidia.
We also face competition from other companies and new market entrants, current technology partners, and customers who may acquire or develop network switches and cloud service solutions for internal use and/or broaden their product portfolios to market and sell to customers. Some of these entities are developing white box networking products based on open-source network operating systems that may be provided for free using off-the-shelf or commoditized hardware technology
8
Table of Contents
(“white box” hardware). Others may adopt a disaggregated approach to the procurement of hardware and leverage their own proprietary software. The arrival of new market entrants and the rapid adoption of alternative technologies may create downward pricing pressure. Such shifts could result in lost sales and materially harm our operating results and financial condition.
In the NDR market, our Arista NDR offerings compete with other network security vendors including Cisco, Darktrace, and ExtraHop. In the network packet broker ("NPB") market, Arista DANZ Monitoring Fabric ("DMF") competes with Cisco, Gigamon, Keysight, Netscout and other network monitoring software providers.
Our relationships with our strategic alliance partners or suppliers may also shift as industry dynamics change. If strategic alliance partners acquire or develop competitive products or services, our relationship with those partners may be adversely impacted, which could lead to more variability in our results of operations and impact the pricing of our solutions.
The principal competitive factors applicable to our products include:
•
breadth of product offerings and features;
•
reliability and product quality;
•
ease of use;
•
pricing;
•
total cost of ownership, including automation, monitoring and integration costs;
•
performance and scale;
•
programmability and extensibility;
•
interoperability with other products;
•
ability to be bundled with other vendor offerings;
•
product availability and shipment lead times; and
•
quality of service, support and fulfillment.
Intellectual Property
Our success and ability to compete depend substantially upon our core technology and intellectual property. We rely on patent, trademark and copyright laws, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements with our employees, customers, resellers, systems integrators, manufacturers, and others to protect our intellectual property rights. We file U.S and foreign patent applications to protect our intellectual property and we believe that the duration of our issued patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our products. Patents generally have a duration of twenty years from filing. The remaining duration on the individual patents in our patent portfolio varies.
We cannot assure that any of our patent applications will result in the issuance of a patent or whether the examination process will result in patents of valuable breadth or applicability. In addition, any patents that may be issued may be contested, circumvented, found unenforceable or invalidated, and we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing upon them. We also license software from third parties for integration into our products, including open-source software and other software available on commercially reasonable terms. We own a number of trademarks in the U.S. and other jurisdictions, and Arista, EOS, and CloudVision are among our core trademarks.
We control access to and use of our software, technology and other proprietary information through internal and external controls, including contractual protections with employees, contractors, customers and partners. Our software is protected by U.S. and international copyright, patent and trade secret laws. Despite our efforts to protect our software, technology and other proprietary information, unauthorized parties may still copy or otherwise obtain and use our software, technology and other proprietary information. In addition, we intend to expand our international operations, and effective patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret protection may not be available or may be limited in foreign countries.
Our industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents and frequent claims and related litigation regarding patents and other intellectual property rights. If we become more successful, we believe that competitors will be more likely to try to develop products that are similar to ours and that may infringe upon our proprietary rights. It may also be more
9
Table of Contents
likely that competitors or other third parties will claim that our products infringe upon their proprietary rights. In particular, large and established companies in our industry have extensive patent portfolios and are regularly involved in both offensive and defensive litigation. From time to time, third parties, including certain large companies and non-practicing entities, may assert patent, copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights against us, our channel partners or our end customers, whom our standard license and other agreements obligate us to indemnify against such claims.
Successful claims of infringement by a third-party, if any, could prevent us from distributing certain products or performing certain services, require us to spend time and money to develop non-infringing solutions or force us to pay substantial damages, royalties or other fees. We cannot assure that we do not currently infringe, or that we will not in the future infringe, upon any third-party patents or other proprietary rights.
Human Capital Management
At Arista, we seek to maintain an environment that is open and inclusive, and where our people feel valued and accountable. One of our key principles is always doing the right thing for our employees. We are committed to upholding the highest standards of professional and ethical conduct in our global business operations. As of December 31, 2025, Arista employed approximately 5,115 full-time employees worldwide. None of our employees are represented by unions. We also hire part-time employees and contractors to support our operations, and these service providers do not represent a material portion of our workforce. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good and have not experienced operational interruptions due to labor disagreements. Arista’s Human Capital Strategy is developed by our Senior Leadership Team and led by our Group Vice-President of Worldwide Human Resources and Operations who presents human capital updates quarterly to our Board of Directors.
Arista is proud that its excellent culture and practices were widely recognized in 2025. Forbes magazine                          named Arista as one of America’s Best Companies. Time Magazine named Arista as one of the World’s Best Companies. Arista has been recognized by Comparably as one of the best large companies for culture, happiness, leadership and career growth as well as compensation. And Most Loved Workplace named Arista a Most Loved Workplace for Wellness and Volunteering.
Equal Opportunity
We seek to maintain an environment that encourages and supports equal opportunity, and where our employees feel valued. We conduct annual employee engagement surveys globally to gather information and feedback from our team members. We use a holistic organization-wide approach to respond to the results of the surveys, analyzing the data for potential actions and positive changes that can be taken in the areas of leadership, communication, culture, professional development and other areas. We strive to build an inclusive culture that encourages, supports and celebrates the voices of our employees. As part of the Arista way, we believe in treating peers with respect, mentoring individuals and developing teams for overall success.
We affirm the principle of equal employment opportunity without regard to any protected characteristic, including but not limited to race, religion, national origin, color, gender, age, disability, pregnancy, marital status, ancestry, military status or sexual orientation. We practice and promote such policies in all locations as appropriate under applicable law. We affirm this principle of freedom from discrimination in all aspects of the employment relationship from recruitment and hiring, through performance evaluations, compensation and promotions. At Arista, we believe that all employees should be treated with dignity and respect.
Arista is proud to be one of the few S&P 500 companies with both a female CEO and CFO.
Health and Safety
We are committed to protecting the health and safety of our employees, visitors, guests and the public. Our health and safety policy is to maintain our facilities and conduct our business operations in a manner that does not compromise the occupational safety of our employees. We have implemented our injury and illness prevention program to protect employees from occupational risks of injury or illness.
Compensation and Benefits
We offer competitive and comprehensive benefit packages that are designed to help and empower employees to make informed decisions for themselves, their families and their lifestyles. In the United States, we offer our employees an employee stock purchase plan, healthcare and retirement benefits, paid time off and family leave, flexible time away, family planning benefits, backup resources for childcare and elder care, and other employee assistance programs including behavioral health and
10
Table of Contents
emotional support services. In addition to base salary and benefits, Arista’s employees participate in stock and bonus incentive plans that support our organizational philosophy of allowing employees to share in our performance and success. Arista's compensation philosophy is to pay our employees based on their performance and contribution and impact to improving customer and shareholder success. We are committed to paying our employees fairly, equitably, and we work with a third party annually to identify and resolve any gaps. Our executive compensation program is designed to attract, retain, and reward performance and align incentives with the achievement of Arista’s strategic plan and both short- and long-term operating objectives. Our compensation committee provides oversight of our compensation policies, plans, benefit programs and overall compensation philosophy.
Along with our traditional healthcare benefits, we offer a broad variety of physical and mental wellness offerings to our global employees in a virtual as well as on-demand format, including fitness classes, webinars on practical wellness takeaways, strategies for stress reduction, financial planning and education, career development and social activities.  We also host periodic wellness weeks, whose purpose is to raise awareness on health issues, increase education on preventive medicine and available services and shift employee behavior through interactive activities and live presentations. We proudly support an active community employee engagement program, which provides opportunities for our employees to volunteer and participate in community service in support of the communities where they live, work, and thrive. We employ remote and hybrid work models for designated roles, giving our employees the flexibility to work offsite or onsite and annual survey our employees to gain valuable feedback and suggestions on improvements to our culture and strategy.
AI & Employee Training, Development and Upskilling
Arista has made AI skills development an enterprise-wide priority as we strive to embed AI in our everyday business processes to develop more efficient, higher quality and faster cycle times and responses to our customers and for the benefit of our shareholders.  In 2025, employees participated in many general and department-specific live, webinar, and self-paced training to improve their overall and job-specific AI skills and capabilities. In addition, our employees receive regular training on various subjects, including our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, information security, data privacy, intellectual property, insider trading, and anti-corruption. Our employees are required to complete Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and information security trainings every year. In addition, we provide extensive training and accreditation opportunities to employees in Sales, Customer Engineering and Software Research and Development roles including our Arista Certified Engineer (“ACE”) certification program as well as mentorship programs. Additional career development content including management and leadership development training is available through our E-Learning portal to facilitate a culture of lifelong learning and allow employees to personalize their development. Our Technical employees can further upskill through our internal Arista Training Program, technical summits, and participation in industry conferences or associations.
Available Information
Our website is located at www.arista.com and our investor relations website is located at investors.arista.com. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“Exchange Act”), are available free of charge on the Investors portion of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("Commission"). The Commission maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the Commission at www.sec.gov.
Webcasts of our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community are on our investor relations website. Additionally, we announce investor information, including news and commentary about our business and financial performance, Commission filings, notices of investor events, and our press and earnings releases, on our investor relations website. Investors and others can receive real-time notifications of new information posted on our investor relations website by signing up for email alerts and RSS feeds. Further corporate governance information, including our corporate governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code of conduct, is also available on our investor relations website under the heading “Governance.” The contents of our websites, or information that can be accessed through our websites, are not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document we file with the Commission, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.
11