=== FILING DATE: 2026-02-17 ===
=== PERIOD COVERED: 2025-12-31 ===
=== SOURCE: 10-K filed 2026-02-17 ===
=== SECTION: Item 1A — Risk Factors ===
=== TICKER: ANET ===

Item 1A
 of this Form 10-K.
Foreign Currency Exchange Risk
Our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Substantially all of our revenue is denominated in U.S. dollars, and therefore, our revenue is not directly subject to foreign currency risk. However, we are indirectly exposed to foreign currency risk. A stronger U.S. dollar could make our products and services more expensive in foreign countries and therefore reduce demand. A weaker U.S. dollar could have the opposite effect. Such economic exposure to currency fluctuations is difficult to measure or predict because our sales are also influenced by many other factors.
Our expenses are generally denominated in the currencies in which our operations are located, which is primarily in the U.S. and to a lesser extent in Europe and Asia. Our results of operations and cash flows are, therefore, subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates and may be adversely affected in the future due to changes in foreign exchange rates. To date, foreign currency transaction gains and losses and exchange rate fluctuations have not been material to our financial statements. While we have not engaged in the hedging of our foreign currency transactions to date and do not enter into any hedging contracts for trading or speculative purposes, we may in the future hedge selected significant transactions denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar.
Interest Rate Sensitivity
As of December 31, 2025, and 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and available-for-sale marketable securities totaling $10.7 billion and $8.3 billion, respectively. Cash equivalents and marketable securities were invested primarily in money market funds, corporate bonds, U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities, U.S. treasury securities and commercial paper. Our primary investment objectives are to preserve capital and maintain liquidity requirements.  In addition, our policy limits the amount of credit exposure to any single issuer. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes and have not used any derivative financial instruments to manage our interest rate risk exposure. Our primary exposure to market risk is interest income sensitivity, which is affected by changes in the general level of the interest rates in the U.S. A decline in interest rates would reduce our interest income on our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. Conversely, an increase in interest rates could have a material impact to the fair market value of our investments in fixed income securities. We would incur unrealized losses on fixed income securities if there is an increase in interest rates compared to interest rates at the time of purchase. A hypothetical 100 basis point increase in market interest rates would have resulted in a decrease of approximately $100 million and $70 million in the market value of our available-for-sale debt securities and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2025 and 2024. In the unlikely event we are forced to sell our marketable securities prior to maturity, we may incur realized losses in such investments. However, because of the conservative and short-term nature of the investments in our portfolio, a change in interest rates is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
63