=== SECTION: Segment Revenue Data ===

en compared to Blackwell.
For physical AI, we provide an end-to-end platform spanning data center infrastructure, open models, systems, embedded compute modules, and software stacks to train, simulate, and deploy advanced automation and robotics solutions.
Gaming
Gaming is the largest entertainment industry, with PC gaming as the predominant platform. Many factors propel its growth, including new high production value games, the continued rise of eSports, social connectivity and the increasing popularity of game streamers, modders, or gamers who remaster games, and creators.
Our products for the gaming market include GeForce RTX GPUs for gaming desktop and laptop PCs, GeForce NOW cloud gaming service, as well as SoCs and development services for game consoles.
Our gaming platforms leverage our GPUs and sophisticated software to enhance the gaming experience with smoother, higher quality graphics. NVIDIA RTX features ray tracing technology for real-time, cinematic-quality rendering, and deep learning super sampling, or NVIDIA DLSS, our AI technology that boosts frame rates while generating high-quality images for games. RTX GPUs also feature NVIDIA tensor core technology making them well suited to accelerate a new generation of on-device AI applications.
In fiscal year 2025, we announced the NVIDIA Blackwell GeForce RTX 50 Series family of desktop and laptop GPUs. The Blackwell architecture introduced neural graphics which combines AI models with traditional rendering to boost game performance, image quality, and interactivity, as well as the next generation of our DLSS technology powered by a new transformer model architecture. In fiscal year 2026, we launched and scaled Blackwell architecture for gaming and GeForce NOW.
Professional Visualization
We serve the Professional Visualization market by working closely with independent software vendors, or ISVs, to optimize their offerings for NVIDIA GPUs. Our GPU computing platform enhances productivity and introduces new capabilities for critical workflows in many fields, such as design, engineering, and digital content creation across a wide range of industry verticals. Additionally, the increasing number of generative and agentic AI applications is giving rise to the need for the enhanced AI and data processing capabilities of our RTX PRO GPUs.
Many leading 3D design and content creation applications developed by our ecosystem partners support RTX, allowing professionals to accelerate and transform their workflows with NVIDIA RTX PRO GPUs and software. As these applications increasingly integrate AI, these GPUs are used and leverage the same Tensor Core technology found in our Data Center solutions.
Automotive
Automotive is comprised of platform solutions for automated driving from the cloud to the car. Leveraging our technology leadership in AI and building on long-standing relationships across several hundred automotive ecosystem partners, we are delivering a full stack end-to-end solution for the AV market under the DRIVE Hyperion platform. This platform consists of development infrastructure, high-performance, energy efficient DRIVE AGX computing hardware
6
Table of Contents
running an in-vehicle operating system (DRIVE OS), a reference sensor set that supports full self-driving capability as well as an open, modular DRIVE software platform for autonomous driving, mapping, and parking services, and intelligent in-vehicle experiences.
Business Strategies
NVIDIA’s key strategies that shape our overall business approach include:
Advancing the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform.
 Our accelerated computing platform can solve complex problems in significantly less time and with lower power consumption than alternative computational approaches. It can help solve problems that were previously deemed unsolvable. We work to deliver continued performance leaps that outpace Moore’s Law by leveraging innovation across the architecture, chip design, system, interconnect, algorithm, and software layers. This full-stack innovation approach allows us to deliver order-of-magnitude performance advantages relative to legacy approaches in our target markets, which include Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive. While the computing requirements of these end markets are diverse, we address them with a unified underlying architecture leveraging our GPUs, CPUs, CUDA and networking technologies as the fundamental building blocks. The programmable nature of our architecture allows us to make leveraged investments in research and development: we can support several multi-billion-dollar end markets with shared underlying technology by using a variety of software stacks developed either internally or by third-party developers and partners. We utilize this platform approach in each of our target markets.
Extending our technology and platform leadership in AI.
 We provide a complete, end-to-end accelerated computing platform for AI, addressing both training and inferencing. This includes full-stack data center-scale compute and networking solutions across processing units, interconnects, systems, and software. Our compute solutions include all three major processing units in AI servers – GPUs, CPUs, and DPUs. GPUs are uniquely suited to AI, and we will continue to add AI-specific features to our GPU architecture to further extend our leadership position.
In addition, we offer NVIDIA AI Enterprise—a comprehensive software suite designed to simplify the development and deployment of production-grade, end-to-end generative AI applications. NVIDIA AI Enterprise includes: NVIDIA NIM, which increases token throughput using industry-leading open and proprietary models; NVIDIA NeMo, a complete solution for curating, fine-tuning, reinforcement learning, evaluating, and safeguarding domain-adapted models; and AI Blueprints, pre-built, runnable templates that help enterprises build, optimize, and deploy AI agents while preserving privacy. These tools enable organizations to securely develop and run AI applications on NVIDIA-accelerated infrastructure anywhere.
Our AI technology leadership is reinforced by our large and expanding ecosystem. Our computing platforms are available from virtually every major server maker and CSP, as well as on our own AI supercomputers. There are over 7.5 million developers worldwide using CUDA and our other software tools to help deploy our technology in our target markets. We are the leader in accelerating and releasing open AI models which enterprises, sovereigns, and startups can leverage to develop and run applications on our platform. We evangelize AI through partnerships with hundreds of universities and tens of thousands of startups through our Inception program. Additionally, our Deep Learning Institute provides instruction on the latest techniques on how to design, train, and deploy neural networks in applications using our accelerated computing platform.
Extending our technology and platform leadership in computer graphics.
 We believe that computer graphics infused with AI is fundamental to the continued expansion and evolution of computing. We apply our research and development resources to enhance the user experience for consumer entertainment and professional visualization applications and create new virtual world and simulation capabilities. Our technologies are instrumental in driving the gaming, design, and creative industries forward, as developers leverage our libraries and algorithms to deliver an optimized experience on our GeForce and NVIDIA RTX platforms. Our computer graphics platforms leverage AI end-to-end, from the developer tools and cloud services to the Tensor Cores included in all RTX-class GPUs. Blackwell GPUs’ advanced AI and neural rendering capabilities combined with NVIDIA’s world-class AI software stacks significantly accelerate AI workloads running locally on PCs. Omniverse is real-time 3D design collaboration and virtual world simulation softwa